A Cardiff Grand Opera Society ran from 1924 to 1934.
A Company continued to attack against heavy opposition and indirect fire, slowly pushing the Chinese defenders back.
A Flycatcher fitted with wooden skids was also tested and behaved perfectly satisfactorily.
A Jurchen army led by Wuzhu invaded in early 1140.
A Turkish Gospel, dictionary, poems, medical book dating from the 18th century.
A camp was built on the upper river and logging operations began at Tumtum Lake.
A common complaint about the arcade cabinet was that the track ball controls frequently broke from repeated use.
A cornice runs round the chapel at the point where the vault ends and the wall begins.
A detailed suggestion was presented by Oslo Sporveier in August 1996.
A facsimile of the magazine was released as a book in 2005.
A family of 4 drowned after their car was swept off a road near Waverly.
A few Slovakian wolves disperse into the Czech Republic, where they are afforded full protection.
A few reference grammars address sentence spacing, as increased spacing between words is punctuation in itself.
A few reports stated that Rao demanded Aravind pay him compensation of ₹ 5 million.
A fifth Wirraway in the flight crashed on landing at Darwin, killing both crewmen.
A first rider auction was also held where people would bid on seats to be the first riders.
A flashback reveals that Danielle married a lawyer and coldly took her son away from Bree.
A frontal cloud band moved offshore the East Coast of the United States on September 22.
A large number of molecular alterations are under study for their prognostic impact in AML.
A levee, completed in 1995, protects the city from further flooding.
A loss to Lancashire in the final match of the season meant they finished in fourth place.
A multiplayer mode is available for up to six players over a local area network or the Internet.
A nanny, a governess, and a cook to prepare special meals for Barker were hired.
A new national Aviation Training Academy is likewise being built at the Aden Adde International Airport.
A protective wall of massive proportions surrounded the cathedral precinct, but only a small section has survived.
A rare Midge with teeth was sold the first year and is now sought after by collectors.
A roadway linking Cornish to the east has existed since at least 1914.
A rough cut was shown to ABC Television and rejected as incomprehensible to a mainstream audience.
A second Jin campaign in late 1217 did marginally better than the first.
A ship about halfway between South America and Cape Verde reported a hurricane on September 11.
A similar premise had been included in the original pitch for Star Trek by Gene Roddenberry.
A steel line engraving of the painting by the engraver Edward Goodall was also commissioned.
A stereoscopic 3D version of the film was released in 2011.
A study in 1984 identified 25 plant species as kakapo food.
A total of 808 men were taken into captivity, including most of the wounded.
A toyline for the film was confirmed by Hasbro in February 2012.
A tropical wave emerged into the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Africa on May 28.
A tropical wave located near the Lesser Antilles spawned a tropical depression on September 12.
A wave of European Jews arrived at the end of the 19th century from Romania.
A weekly newspaper called the Sarnia Journal began distribution in March 2014.
AI researchers began to develop and use sophisticated mathematical tools more than they ever had in the past.
Abby dissipated while situated over the Mexican state of Tabasco on July 16.
Abietinae was found to be very nearly monophyletic, and so retained.
About 10: 00, the town was attacked from the south and southwest.
Abundant forests attracted both the lumbering and shipbuilding industries to the Middle Colonies.
According to Collider.com, HBO is meeting with Snyder to discuss a potential Watchmen TV series.
According to Dorothy Corson, the claim was first made by a priest named Henry Kemper.
According to Paul, Lisa was more like a temptress to MacLeod than was Tessa.
According to Suetonius, he even wrote a book on the subject of hair care.
According to the IOC rules, rival cities are not allowed to directly criticise other bidders.
According to the director, Mammootty was instrumental in casting actress Meena for the film.
Accounts of McCool in his Somerset period portray him as a thoughtful but slightly aloof character.
Across the affected region, the heavy rainfall caused flooding, which resulted in 18 deaths.
Adams was the first person I met who actually had theories about how chess should be played.
Additional projects have extended the highway farther north and added a roundabout to the northern terminus.
Additionally, any selection on a gene will cause its sequence to diverge at a different rate.
Additionally, the Historic Central Bank was regenerated, with the Moumin Business Center likewise under construction.
Additionally, the national flag without coat of arms is used as an ensign for inland navigation.
After 1830 plum cake was often referred to as fruit cake or black cake.
After 1915, Rostock had spotting tops installed on her masts.
After a damaging fire in 1270, a rebuilding programme greatly enlarged the building.
After attaining his GED, he studied briefly at Goddard College in rural Vermont.
After back and forth action, Carlito removed the padding from one of the turnbuckles.
After considerable debate and various experiments, the law was changed again in 1972.
After defeating those forces, the North Vietnamese turned the newly won territories over to the local insurgents.
After discovering Pluto, Tombaugh continued to search the ecliptic for other distant objects.
After dropping out of four institutions and failing in auditions, she began composing her own music.
After earning a large amount of money, the tramps return to their old way of life.
After four years of doing his residency in Singkawang, Borneo, Dr.
After his death, he was considered a saint with a feast day of 16 November.
After initially achieving surprise a number of the forward Chinese outposts fell to the Fusiliers.
After leaving Bradford City, he joined Sheffield United, where he also took up a coaching role.
After release, it received downloadable content, along with an expanded edition in November of that year.
After the 2003 – 04 season, Nash became a free agent.
After the September 11 attacks, others recalled seeing the Shehri brothers in Medina.
After the assassination of Robert Kennedy, like the other candidates, Nixon took a break from campaigning.
After the fire, authorities recorded the damage but did nothing to try to restore what was damaged.
After the second chorus, a piano interlude begins, with Lanois contributing pedal steel.
After the touchdown and the extra point kick, ECU led 24 – 7.
After they took the photos, she waited until everybody was gone to get out of the pool.
After this rebellion the clan system was broken up and Skye became a series of landed estates.
Aganović assessed that while this was probably true, their request was insincere.
Aka weakened back into a depression and dissipated two days later on August 15.
All four of her Brooke rifles are currently located in Willard Park in the Washington Navy Yard.
All of the issues have been amicably resolved and the case is going to be dismissed.
All superstructure, guns, torpedo tubes, and fittings down to the main deck were removed.
All three of the surviving hulls were scrapped in the late 1940s.
All tracks are written and performed by Hollywood Undead, with specific writers detailed for each track.
Alma became the earliest named storm and hurricane in the satellite era in the east Pacific proper.
Along the route, Braathens SAFE established contracts with agents, or stationed their own employees.
Along with a high storm frequency, this basin also features the most globally intense storms on record.
Also in 2006, the cadets performed at the Miss Texas Pageant.
Alternatively, two Polish flags may be placed, one at each end of the row of flags.
Although a condom is effective in limiting exposure, some disease transmission may occur even with a condom.
Although he had no prior museum experience, he was successful in his application and was appointed Director.
Although land interaction prevented immediate development, conditions favored further development in the Bay of Campeche.
Although much reduced, significant remnants of the native Scots Pine woodlands can be found in places.
Although she failed to bear him any children, Eleni grew into a powerful political person.
American audiences had grown more sophisticated, yet Michelena Studios was still employing their earlier production techniques.
An area of high pressure to the east of Alice steered the storm generally to the north.
An automated version of the Sanger method was used in early phases of the Human Genome Project.
An awareness of these social framings is critical, just as is an awareness of the audience.
An extension to Skøyen in Oslo will perhaps be built after 2020.
An important facet of the British and American frontier was a system of forts built by the military.
An observation deck was built to attract tourists, which proved to be a valuable source of revenue.
And hence the Britons accepted terms there, on the first day of the month of August.
Another charge was that he did not love clean linen; and I have no passion for it.
Another large French vessel was later ordered to Haiti, the amphibious transport dock Siroco.
Another woman from Anonymous told Newsweek that the group plans to accomplish this through a lobbying campaign.
Antimony sulfides have been shown to help stabilize the friction coefficient in automotive brake pad materials.
Any naval ships large enough to cause sufficient damage would be detected well before they were within range.
Apologists for the movement note its ethnic diversity and argue that it encompasses a variety of views.
Applewhite believed that once they reached the Next Level, they would facilitate evolution on other planets.
Around 70 million years ago, the kakapo diverged from the genus Nestor.
Around Gacko and Avtovac in the north, the day had been quiet.
Around fifty structures were erected, restored or completed, achievements second only to those of Augustus.
Around the same time Turkish artillery started bombarding the beachhead, destroying at least six boats.
Around the time Gilda was dissipating, a weak depression briefly existed near the Azores.
Arsenal Building, is a building located in MacArthur Park in downtown Little Rock, Arkansas.
Arthur Shrewsbury was the first prominent player to use such methods, and others followed.
Artificial birth control predates Christianity; the Catholic Church has condemned these methods throughout its history.
Artificial intelligence is based on the assumption that the process of human thought can be mechanized.
As a laboratory bird, the common starling is second in numbers only to the domestic pigeon.
As a noble gas, it does not interfere with the chemical reactions occurring in the operating lamp.
As a result of her success with radio dramas and the films, Eva achieved some financial stability.
As a result of the game, the Cubs qualified for the postseason and the Giants did not.
As a result of the hospitalization, Franks missed his senior year as a football player.
As a result, all the cruiserweights at the show invaded the ring and attacked Helms.
As a result, although the game plays exactly the same, the code and renderer is different.
As a result, both children were tutored at home until the age of 13.
As a result, electric companies sought help from as far as Pennsylvania and Maine to restore electricity.
As a result, it had to rely on revenue generated by the media exposure of its athletes.
As a young man Gerard Olivier had considered a stage career and was a dramatic and effective preacher.
As atomic nuclei are fused in the core, they emit energy in the form of gamma rays.
As cast members had read the script ahead of time, many were interested in playing different parts.
As each New Zealand unit landed they were directed the same way to Baby 700.
As he dies he gives his crystal to Milo, telling him to save Atlantis and Kida.
As in Irish examples these were partly reworked and elaborated at intervals over a long period.
As it approached Jupiter, it also witnessed the impact of Comet Shoemaker – Levy 9.
As it did so, it moved into an area of very warm waters and decreasing wind shear.
As legend has it, an invading army had attempted to sneak up at night on the Scots.
As of 2006, Darden was a business consultant living in Cedar Rapids.
As of August 2014, the most recent version is v2.5.
As of September 2015, Fernandez has several projects in various stages of production.
As part of his change of position, Gerard withdrew from court to care for his diocese.
As stated in the preface, there is a code hidden in the paintings throughout the book.
As the 1949 season began, Grove was again the subject of trade rumors.
As the Māori had done, early European explorers and their dogs ate kakapo.
As the measurements were being made a number of proposals were put forth to expand the program worldwide.
As the scenes increase in tempo, each part of his body and lappet run around.
As they have been using the Greenwich Meridian, they realise that they are too far west.
As they return the remaining birds show signs of agitation, and sometimes fly up to join them.
As well as certain constellations and the Sun itself, individual stars have their own myths.
As with Archimyrmex, the genus was first placed in Ponerinae.
As with his previous albums, Stevens recorded in various locations, with additional piano recorded in St.
As with its predecessor, Barbarian II was licensed to Epyx for release in North America.
Aside from the minor damage caused by Dean, there was also a positive side to the storm.
At 2: 23 PM, Heitner tweeted that Hardaway, Sr.
At Springfield Elementary, Lisa is presented with a brain teaser, which she is unable to solve.
At SummerSlam 1992 in August, The Undertaker defeated Kamala.
At an observatory, Professor Isobe spots an object in his telescope apparently releasing smaller objects.
At around 0000 UTC on July 31, Brenda moved into Massachusetts.
At his worst, he would have acted the parts more ably than they are usually lived.
At least 38 Iguanodon individuals were uncovered, most of which were adults.
At some point, he changed his birth name to Tom Norman, and renounced his inheritance.
At the age of 19 Henriette Kleine married surgeon Friedrich Wilhelm Stümpe.
At the beginning the two sides agreed to keep whatever Liao territory they would seize in combat.
At the mass rally, the crowd demanded that Evita publicly announce her candidacy as vice president.
At the mouth of the Colorado River, seagoing vessels were tied down with extra rope.
At the request of the crowd, Maeda wrestled a cadet and threw him easily.
At the same location Philip Sidney was born on 30 November 1554.
At the same time he ordered his reserve 72nd Infantry Regiment to move further west.
At the same time, the Americans informed Hương if Taylor was expelled, US funding would stop.
At the start of the breeding season, males will fight to try to secure the best courts.
At the time of its construction it was seen as a defence against foreign threats, mainly Russian.
At the time, Victoria Station consisted of two separate but adjacent terminal stations sharing the same name.
At the time, the government provided Secret Service protection for incumbent presidents but not for presidential candidates.
At the time, the ship was commanded by Captain Barreto de Vascomellos.
Athletes sprint along a length of track that leads to a jumping board and a sandpit.
Atlanta was easily pulled free by the Union ships and she reached Port Royal under her own power.
Atlantis was notable for adopting the distinctive visual style of comic book creator Mike Mignola.
Augustine News was the first printed description of the Everglades available to the general public.
Australian ravens generally nest in tall trees, never near to the ground as some species do.
Australian ravens generally walk when moving around on the ground, though do hop when hurrying.
Australian ravens most often eat food where they find it unless taking food back for nestlings.
Aware that other Immortals will challenge MacLeod, Tessa decides to stay with him.
Azaria also played Arthur Fortune, a character based on British business magnate Richard Branson.
BAR had their official test driver Darren Manning available to replace Villeneuve should the need arise.
Baffled pursuers come up, sight a wagon, all pile within and resume pursuit.
Bakaara Market was created in late 1972 by the Barre administration.
Balancing ease of lambing with high productivity is one of the dilemmas of sheep breeding.
Balloon and airship flying is overseen by the British Balloon and Airship Club.
Banai is generally depicted with Khandoba and often is also accompanied by Mhalsa.
Banai, on the other hand, has a love marriage after being captured by the god.
Banksia flowerheads in general play host to a variety of birds, mammals and insects.
Barbarian II received praise for its audio, mostly for the versions on more powerful platforms.
Barker was an epileptic as a child, and cared for at home by her parents.
Barker was equally proficient in watercolour, pen and ink, oils, and pastels.
Barrow partnered with Harry Stevens in 1894 to sell concessions at baseball games.
Barrow was also the first executive to allow fans to keep foul balls that entered the stands.
Bart tearfully mourns his hero, but he perks up, after finding a note.
Bateman created a complex backstory for Murphy, which was cut at the request of the producers.
Beaumont is currently represented by councilors Mark Osterstock and Anne Monceaux.
Because no referee was available to count the pinfall, a substitute referee came to the ring.
Because of the granular texture of the flesh, it does not lend itself well to drying.
Because of their potential power and influence, some people make offerings to them as to a deity.
Before the family settled in Canada, his father played professional soccer in various parts of the world.
Beginning in 1940 the theaters were coordinated by the Secret Theatrical Council.
Beginning in the early 1990s, Madison experienced a large influx of Hispanics.
Behind Royal Sovereign was Marlborough, inextricably tangled with Impétueux.
Bellaire has zoning ordinances that dictate types of structures and uses throughout sections of the city.
Bendis said that drawing casual gamers to the comics was a major goal for the series.
Besides mass, the elements heavier than helium can play a significant role in the evolution of stars.
Besides the director, a matron, business manager and dietitian staffed a typical camp.
Besides these stable forms, there are over 40 unstable isotopes that have been studied.
Besides visible light, stars also emit forms of electromagnetic radiation that are invisible to the human eye.
Bill Gibron of DVD Talk gave the episode a score of 5 out of 5.
Binary fission is extremely fast compared to the rates of cell division in eukaryotes.
Blood poured from the severed wrist, causing Kondé Buraima to flee in terror.
Bond first aired on 2 June 1967 in the United States on NBC.
Bond, Kissy, Tanaka, and the surviving ninjas leave before the base explodes.
Bonds made his major league debut on May 30, 1986.
Both singles were released on October 25, 2006 by King Records.
Both systems provide structural support for the nuclear envelope and anchoring sites for chromosomes and nuclear pores.
Both were developed by Carnegie Mellon University; Deep Thought development paved the way for the Deep Blue.
Boycotting of the celebration has also been advocated by insurgent Maoist rebel organisations.
Braathens Rederi received 14 % of the shares in the merged company.
Braathens SAFE established an office in Gothenburg in 1965.
Braathens SAFE started flying both to Oslo and along the West Coast from Molde.
Braathens SAFE was the second airline to receive the plane, after Aer Lingus.
Brand new props were built for this episode, modifying the original design by making them more lightweight.
Brandon instantly falls in love with Marianne, but she believes he is too old for her.
Brandon later offers him a living on his estate at Delaford, which Edward gladly accepts.
Breese quickly loaded her machine guns and began firing at 07: 57.
Brentford also organised a testimonial match for him in May 1985.
Brethren adherents believed only in the New Testament, and professed no other creeds.
Broken plural forms in Arabic are declined like singulars, and often take singular agreement as well.
Budding involves a cell forming a protrusion that breaks away and produces a daughter cell.
Burns can be very painful and a number of different options may be used for pain management.
Busch plays with its traditional forms, motifs, pictures, literary topics and form of narration.
Busch then offered Richter the manuscripts of Max and Moritz, waiving any fees.
Business Trends is distributed through City Hall and Report on Industry is sent to executives in surrounding businesses.
Business aviation has shown strong growth, although the numbers of aircraft on the UK register have declined.
But I have never cycled 1200 miles in a country so continuously beautiful.
But by the 1940s, the Sociedad was supported by the government.
But he had very limited skill in thematic development and even less in contrapuntal combination.
But her concert debut, a classical recital, was given when she was 12.
But the plane is full, and only a select number of the contestants are able to board.
But tradition held that the emperor could only be selected from among the Senate, causing some concern.
By 14 February, the Allied troops had withdrawn into a small perimeter around the city.
By 14 January, a thousand bodies had been placed on the streets and pavements.
By 1870, Old Pine Church was primarily used by the Brethren denomination.
By 1919, she had been decommissioned at the Philadelphia Navy Yard.
By 1948, smallpox vaccination was no longer compulsory in the UK.
By 1951, ABC was badly overextended and on the verge of bankruptcy.
By 1951, it had become evident that her health was rapidly deteriorating.
By 1973, Nelson had returned to music, finding success with Atlantic Records.
By July 6, winds head decreased below hurricane intensity as the storm neared Atlantic Canada.
By May 2011, over three million copies of Middlesex had been sold.
By all accounts there is no single and intercultural universal concept defining what music might be.
By depicting a given god in different ways, the Egyptians expressed different aspects of its essential nature.
By inhabiting these images, the gods left their concealed state and took on a physical form.
By nightfall, all four companies held tenuous positions in the thick of German defences.
By the beginning of December, he named five deputy mayors and filled most of his cabinet.
By the end of the decade, half of all immigration to the United States was from Ireland.
By the end of the month, Mitchell missions were put on hold while replacement crews were trained.
By the end of the video the isolated and sad men depart with the doors closing on them.
By the fall of 1206, the Song offensive had already failed disastrously.
By the late 1850s English had grown to be the most spoken language.
By the late 1980s, the company had sold all its hotel operations.
By the middle of the season, he said that eight of his pitchers could serve as starters.
By then, Elephanta was called Gharapuri, which denotes a hill settlement.
Capcom invited her in for an audition and interview, and she was offered a job there.
Care should be taken to prevent the flag from touching the ground, floor or water beneath it.
Carey felt the additions were simple steps taken to further display a contemporary R & B groove.
Castrol Gold Medal from the Institute of Motor Industry in the year 2000.
Casualties of Cool was released on May 14, 2014.
Ceres is the only object in the asteroid belt known to be rounded by its own gravity.
Cerny next thought of racing games and planned for races on long tracks against an opponent.
Characters and dialogues from the film continue to be referred to and parodied in popular culture.
Charlie and Max Carver replaced Brent and Shane Kinsman as Preston and Porter, respectively.
Charlie sees a moth which leads him to an opening and the pair dig out of the cave.
Chief Aramaki conducts a raid to arrest the refugee dictator only to find him already dead.
Child gods are depicted nude, as are some adult gods when their procreative powers are emphasized.
Chinese, Indian and Greek philosophers all developed structured methods of formal deduction in the first millennium BCE.
Chris Jenkins, however, praised the game for responsive joystick controls in his review for Sinclair User.
Chronic heart disease caused by Chagas disease is now a common reason for heart transplantation surgery.
Chronic stress can result in low reproductive rates when in captivity as well as in the field.
Clark Collis of Empire opined that the film was predictable, but praised its production values.
Classes were either held under the cover of officially permitted activities or in private homes and other venues.
Clint Wilder is senior editor at Clean Edge, and a veteran business and technology journalist.
Cloud to lower the basin of the Caloosahatchee and Kissimmee Rivers.
Colbert used models of specific dinosaurs, including Corythosaurus, to estimate their weight.
Cole Hamels attended Meadowbrook Middle School and Rancho Bernardo High School in San Diego.
Collection condoms are made from silicone or polyurethane, as latex is somewhat harmful to sperm.
Columbus started March with a 2 – 0 shutout against the Colorado Avalanche.
Combined events involve the same group of athletes contesting a number of different track and field events.
Companies such as Trendex, Videodex and Arbitron had also measured TV viewership.
Complex controls and combos were omitted to present a system that fosters easy progression for the player.
Congress was at that time controlled by Democrats, they hoped Congress might be sympathetic to their concerns.
Consequently, parts of Frank closest to the mountain were dismantled or relocated to safer areas.
Constantine then traps them both with considerable ease, and questions how this has been so easy.
Construction of the freeway in North Omaha in the 1970s faced many hurdles.
Contemporary critics of Keats enjoyed the poem, and it was heavily quoted in their reviews.
Cooking was done in a hāngi or in gourds of boiling oil.
Copernicus follows Aristotle to maintain that circular motion is natural to the form of a sphere.
Corythosaurus was an ornithopod, and therefore a herbivore.
Cos landed at Copano Bay on September 20 with approximately 500 soldiers.
Cougars have large paws and proportionally the largest hind legs in the cat family.
Crat was probably the Frankish version of Akrād, the word for Kurds.
Cresswell left York by mutual consent on 16 December 2015.
Critical and general reception of the character has been mainly favorable, although various aspects have been criticized.
Critics consistently noted the darker and more serious tone of the album, but to mixed reception.
Critics have praised the performances of Forbes, and the interaction of Ro with the existing characters.
Critics praised The Secret of Monkey Island for its humor, audiovisuals, and gameplay.
Critics universally praised her matured lyrics and songwriting, as well as her musical direction.
Culturally, Sarnia is a large part of the artistic presence in Southern Ontario.
Cure rates for promyelocytic leukemia can be as high as 98 %.
DM & E began operations on this track on September 5, 1986.
Daley, Mayor of Chicago, on September 21, 2009.
Dan Dunn and Tailspin Tommy produced one more issue each before Hersey closed down the venture.
Danish expatriate Alfred Kruse joined in the autumn of 1913.
Darden still ranks among leaders at Michigan for Punt Returns and Punt Return Yardage.
De Sá and his men bombarded the city before continuing southwards along the seaboard.
DeGrom also collected his first MLB hit in the game in his first career at bat.
Decorating the main entrance are stone crockets, gargoyles, and finials.
Defensive line coach Bo Davis resigned his position to serve as the defensive tackles coach for Texas.
Del Toso has worked as a receptionist, and as a participation assistant for Basketball Victoria.
Delegates of the IPC are also members of the IOC and participate on IOC committees and commissions.
Dendral, begun in 1965, identified compounds from spectrometer readings.
Despite his accomplishments, he never wrote a book, held public office, or even kept books.
Despite its name, it originated not in the Rocky Mountains, but instead in the Appalachian Mountains.
Despite these differences, older specimens can be difficult to distinguish from Geastrum in the field.
Despite these grand designs Domitian was determined to govern the Empire conscientiously and scrupulously.
Despite these numbers, not all the clergy were regularly present at the services in Elgin Cathedral.
Deuterated molecules, HXeOD and DXeOH, have also been produced.
Development in the area has continued since the construction of a restaurant in 1912.
Differences in coat color between sexes are largely absent, though females may have redder tones.
Differentiation and integration of power series can be performed term by term and is hence particularly easy.
Dino Ciccarelli, a former NHL player, was a part owner of the team.
Director Paul Weiland invested in the short, which provided Hooper with the equipment he needed.
Disagreements about the ownership of the story ultimately led Moore to sever ties with DC Comics.
Disagreements over church government caused open division in the Assembly, despite attempts to maintain unity.
Dominant males tend to have greater access to females in and around the territory than other males.
Domoina executed two small loops off the western coast of Madagascar while progressing generally southwestward.
Don kicks the door in, violently struggles with Megan, and chases her through the apartment.
Dot was first identified as a strong tropical storm southeast of Hawaiʻi on August 1.
Drishyam commenced principal photography in the first week of October 2013.
Due to major league rules, Arizona was unable to call him up until April 24.
Due to recently passed tax laws, a civilian version is not yet available in the local market.
Due to the sensitivity of the situation, he asked them to keep the remarks off the record.
Due to the threat of the storm, nine airlines canceled 214 flights across Japan.
Dunham earned Atlantic 10 Rookie of the Week honors on December 10.
During World War I it was partly revived for a former use, with ammunition stored on site.
During her service with the Kriegsmarine, she took part in only two combat patrols.
During her tour to Europe, Eva Perón was featured in a cover story for Time magazine.
During his earthly tenure, he spoke time and again about the importance of spiritual wealth and health.
During the 1937 match, he scored 140 runs for Sussex.
During the 1970s cafeteria cars were used, where passengers could serve themselves.
During the Second World War, Polish soldiers raised the Polish flag on several sites of their victories.
During the battle, 22 Germans were killed and a similar number made prisoners of war.
During the deployment, a total of 15 soldiers from the brigade were killed in action.
During the offseason, deGrom improved his mechanics, and learned to throw a curveball.
During the rise of her political activism, the release of her musical work grew more infrequent.
During the writing process, Eugenides moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan and later returned to Brooklyn.
Dusky dolphins may fall victim to the small cetacean fisheries of Peru and Chile.
Dyer was, like Bacon, a borderline alcoholic and similarly took obsessive care with his appearance.
Dylan continued to tour with a small, evolving band for the next 20 years.
ECU needed just four plays to march 74 yards down the field for a touchdown.
ET can allow a producer to grow his flock quickly with above average individuals of similar bloodlines.
Each assassin has his own background story, explaining his motivation for his involvement in the assassination plot.
Each end is in a rural area while the central section has suburban development along the trunkline.
Each sector was further subdivided into beaches identified by the colours Green, Red, and White.
Early in her writing career she began alternating the publication of an autobiography and a volume of poetry.
Early infections are treatable with the medication benznidazole or nifurtimox.
East of the Apennine Mountain spine was the British Eighth Army, under General Bernard Montgomery.
Eastern populations migrate to Anatolia, Israel, Iran and Northwest India, and occasionally Northeast India.
Eaton organised a large raid against Su, Dutch Timor, on 19 April.
Eduard Strasburger produced the same results for plants in 1884.
Educational and training programs place special emphasis on the World War II period and on the occupation.
Egyptian cults sometimes incorporated Greek language, philosophy, iconography, and even temple architecture.
Eichmann collected information for Heydrich, attended the conference, and prepared the minutes.
Eight 20 mm Oerlikons were installed on mountings raised above deck level.
Elected together with Eisenhower, he served as Vice President during the height of the Cold War.
Emilee Lindner of MTV News likened the production to material composed by Phil Spector.
Emperor Zara Yaqob also continued as the defender of the Patriarch of Alexandria.
Engineers have stated that it is unlikely many buildings would have stood through any kind of disaster.
England recovered in the following year by winning their first Grand Slam since 1980.
Estimates of Mexican casualties range from one to three soldiers killed and from three to seven wounded.
European traders had established outposts on the Indian subcontinent by the 17th century.
Europium has the second lowest melting point and the lowest density of all lanthanides.
Eventually he decides to travel to Outworld, realizing that he cannot avoid Mortal Kombat.
Eventually, around 07: 00, the rest of the brigade started arriving.
Eventually, however, both companies managed to establish strong positions on the western ridge overlooking San Leonardo.
Everett Koop was part of the research team at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.
Every CMPC movie was from that time forward intended to be a star vehicle for Michelena.
Every star generates a stellar wind of particles that causes a continual outflow of gas into space.
Everything was marketed towards the things that people wanted to see, which was scoring and dunking.
Evita told the audience that she would announce her decision over the radio a few days later.
Examples of items that were probably the work of continental artists include the delicate hanging lamp in St.
Extensive flooding of roads and highways was reported, many of which were closed as a result.
Extravagant to a great degree, Ernest had many money troubles throughout his reign.
Fanny Workman became the first American woman to lecture at the Sorbonne in Paris.
Federer made the final in Basel, succumbing to Juan Martín del Potro.
Federer received from down two sets and a break to take the final in five sets.
Federer won in Cincinnati, beating Novak Djokovic soundly in the final.
Feeling guilty because of this, Reala confronts Elrane alone and is captured.
Fellows was one of several encounters of the Taney Court with the aboriginal title.
Fernandez shares a close bond with her family, and admits to missing being around them.
Feroz Shah ordered Hindu temples at Varanasi destroyed in 1376.
Few films center on the moment of independence, instead highlighting the circumstances of partition and its aftermath.
Fez had three different animators through its development: Paul Robertson of Scott Pilgrim vs.
Fifteen minutes after the landing, the Royal Navy began firing at targets in the hills.
Fighting from behind a rock, Jai and Veeru nearly run out of ammunition.
Finally, according to Egyptian afterlife beliefs, human souls pass into the divine realm after death.
Financial performance continued to spiral downwards in the 3rd quarter of 2007.
First, bacteria can take up exogenous DNA from their environment, in a process called transformation.
First, they proved that there were, in fact, limits to what mathematical logic could accomplish.
Flash flooding of several tributaries feeding into the Piscataquog River was reported.
Fledglings threatened by adult birds will adopt a low posture and open their bill widely.
Flowering from January to July, the blooms are yellow, orange or brownish in colour.
Flowers would be flown in from all over the country, and as far away as Chile.
Following copulation, the female lays eggs on a daily basis over a period of several days.
Following repairs in July 1916, Markgraf went into the Baltic for trials.
Following the Great Fire of Smyrna, Lefty and Desdemona must start life anew.
For Maniac Mansion, the developers hard coded verb commands in the SCUMM scripting language.
For a few years, she lived in a cage with Pansy, a chimpanzee.
For a similar discussion of powers of the complex number i, see § Powers of complex numbers.
For adult readers, Michelena wrote other pieces such as a history of the moving picture industry.
For both of these parts, the producers attempted to cast actors who looked similar to the originals.
For decades afterward, Jennings repeatedly admitted that he felt responsible for the crash that killed Buddy Holly.
For example, in No One Writes to the Colonel, the main characters are not given names.
For larger fires, additional men, supplies and food were airdropped to expand the effort.
For most countries, this remained the standard for published work until the 20th century.
For much of their existence electricity networks in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland were entirely separate.
For multicellular organisms, typically the embryo is engineered which grows into the adult genetically modified organism.
For the first time Olivier began to suffer from stage fright, which plagued him for several years.
For the jumps, that is a sand filled pit, for throws it is a defined sector.
For the majority of his reign, there was no widespread dissatisfaction with the emperor or his rule.
For the most part, Georgian today uses the punctuation as in international usage of the Latin script.
For the next year Hooper researched filmmaking from publications such as On Camera by Harris Watts.
For these reasons, scholars disagree about how genuinely most Egyptians believed the king to be a god.
Foreign diseases such as smallpox raged across the land, decimating Native American populations.
Fort Missoula was established in 1877 to help protect further arriving settlers.
Four days later, Comet began a refit at Portsmouth that lasted until 18 June.
Fowler reportedly ignored offers from Middle East clubs as well as Sydney FC to play in Perth.
Frazee sold Carl Mays to the Yankees during the 1919 season.
Freedom of speech means we need to allow all to speak - including those we strongly disagree with.
Fresh semen is recognized as the method of choice as it lives longer and yields higher conception rates.
Frickley Athletic and Worksop Town are considered to be local rivals to the Steels.
Fritt Ord owned 50 % of the new company and NSB 41 %.
From 1670 to 1672, Newton lectured on optics.
From 1930 to 1932 she was scrapped at Rosyth.
From point of origin, the storm follows a northerly direction, only affecting small islands.
From that point on, he was largely brought up by his grandparents, Philip and Kathleen Smith.
Ftáčnik considers 20.e5 or 20.exd5 preferable.
Full observation of phases of the planet was reported in the September of 2014.
Full titles come directly from the vinyl album and have been adapted to the English capitalization standards.
Further broadcasts of the play followed in 1927 and 1936.
Further floods in 1947 prompted an unprecedented construction of canals throughout southern Florida.
Further north, catastrophic flooding occurred in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, and New England.
Further west, three fishing vessels were reported missing near Acapulco, prompting rescue parties.
Further, he is widely acclaimed as a major figure in the establishment of South Asian archaeology.
Furthermore, frequent Native American attacks on trading posts made it dangerous for employees of the fur companies.
Fuscus was killed, and the battle standard of the Praetorian Guard was lost.
Gale warnings were posted from Cape Fear, North Carolina to Chincoteague, Virginia.
GameTrailers awarded the game the award for Best PC Game of 2013.
García Márquez also originally wrote his Eréndira as a third screenplay.
García Márquez himself has admitted that he prefers his novels in their English translations.
García Márquez is presenting both a historical account and his own interpretation of events.
Gene duplications and losses within a family are common and represent a major source of evolutionary biodiversity.
Genetic studies to date have been inconclusive about the closest relative of the Sorraia.
George Hamersley and Robert Seddon, both inducted in 2013.
George Hamersley, was inducted for achievements as both a player and a rugby administrator.
Gerard Butler, who starred in 300, voices the Captain in the film.
German families sheltered teachers from the North, and hundreds of freedmen were taught to read.
Gestation takes about 7 months, which suggests a breeding cycle of two to three years.
Gibbons told Giordano he wanted to draw the series Moore proposed and Moore approved.
Gilda caused heavy rain and mudslides in Jamaica, destroying six homes and killing six people.
Gilliam abandoned the project because he decided that Watchmen would have been unfilmable.
Given the standings of the two men, the painting was received in both social and political terms.
Glorious served briefly with the Mediterranean Fleet for a time after World War II broke out.
Glover is a former writer on 30 Rock, on which he worked with Fey.
Going into the 2003 World Cup, England were one of the tournament favourites.
Grasshoppers are often camouflaged to avoid detection by predators that hunt by sight.
Grohl had difficulty hitting the proper notes, but ultimately was able to sing what Vig wanted.
Grove made his Major League debut on May 28, 1940.
Gun number 288 is complete and used for blank firings by the Historical Association.
Guybrush also encounters the governor and is instantly smitten, and she soon reciprocates.
Gwen and Rhys marry, and their families have their memories of the wedding day wiped.
Had it not been for donations by fans, Bradford City would not have started the following campaign.
Haifa formerly functioned as the western terminus of an oil pipeline from Iraq via Jordan.
Haifa has developed in tiers, from the lower to the upper city on the Carmel.
Half of his time is spent elsewhere, conducting management seminars for businessmen and employees of multinational corporations.
Half of these genes are orthologs in both organisms and are largely involved in protein synthesis.
Hamilton had a slow start after almost stalling on the grid, and dropped back to ninth.
Hansberry had been a personal friend whom Simone credited with cultivating her social and political consciousness.
Hardaway was a 1st team selection by the coaches and second team by the media.
Hata has been described by numerous historians as an important scholar on the history of modern Japan.
Having fallen in love with Kida, Milo stays behind to help her rebuild the lost empire.
He also carries physical vestiges of his war wounds, as well as his melanoma surgery.
He also cited a verse in the New Testament that said there would not be marriage in heaven.
He also found that the well paid job he was promised outside of football did not transpire.
He also gave the prestigious Beit lectures at Oxford, later published in his book Empire and Communications.
He also made Return on a Snowy Night into a film, as well as two others.
He also played lead guitar for Patsy Montana on a 1964 album.
He also says Lu Junyi taught Yan Qing the same martial arts as he learned from Zhou.
He also traveled to Pierrefonds, Quebec and Asia as part of the sister city program.
He also won his first tournament on home soil by capturing the Swiss Open in Gstaad.
He appears to have been a descendant or relative of the famous war chief Waubojeeg.
He argued that if the trial were to continue, it should transfer its jurisdiction to West Germany.
He asked what would they do if the base was subject to an attack by British Commandos.
He became a member of the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2015.
He became a naturalized American citizen on April 22, 1938.
He became involved in the film after reading an early script draft in 2006.
He became part of the lyceum movement, and situated himself in Berea, Ohio.
He believes that zombies allow people to deal with their own anxiety about the end of the world.
He certainly had a nephew in London, who by this time held the lease to The Cage.
He chose mostly upper class Maderistas, including his wife for the post in the treasury.
He cited the loss of rural farmland and wetlands as a negative effect of the highway.
He deified three of his family members and erected massive structures to commemorate the Flavian achievements.
He did not regret it, but acknowledged that he wanted to save his virginity until marriage.
He escaped from a work detail at Cham when he realised that his actual identity had been discovered.
He eventually found one, a married policeman, with whom he settled in the English Lake District.
He falls in love with Shruti, an aerobics teacher, who rejects his advances.
He found it growing in roadside banks and hedgerows among nettles in Suffolk and Norfolk.
He graduated from Arizona State in 1986 with a degree in criminology.
He had a couple of fast bowlers, Manny Martindale and Learie Constantine.
He had ambitions to play football for Manchester United, or to become a teacher like his father.
He had been former editor of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and other Mirage Studios lines.
He had seen an advertisement for the position and was the only applicant with experience of the area.
He hallucinates a mysterious person he believes is one of the three murderers of his parents.
He has written extensively on such controversial subjects as the Nanking Massacre and the comfort women.
He held prebends in the diocese of Lincoln and diocese of London as well.
He hit Nailz with it, but Nailz took it and used it against Boss Man.
He however returned to the starting line up for two of the last three games of the season.
He immediately accused the Army of using the TOT as an unmonitored slush fund.
He is also linked to Northern Praying Mantis boxing via Lin Chong and Yan Qing.
He is suing the Fury and Football Federation Australia, which took over the running of the club.
He later adopted it as his own signature, displaying it each time he drove to the basket.
He later testified against McMahon during a trial in which McMahon was accused of distributing steroids to wrestlers.
He led a group that studied the metallurgy of uranium and other elements used in reactor designs.
He lived there until 1950, when he moved to Argentina using false papers.
He lost to Murray in straight sets in the final, winning a silver medal for his country.
He made eight appearances for York in the 2013 – 14 season.
He made sure the Mohaves stayed on land they had lived on since time immemorial.
He managed to destroy it, but was captured and tortured by the Kazon in the process.
He met her while both were competing for Switzerland in the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
He never set out to be a pirate, but was forced into piracy to support his family.
He notes that no evidence indicates the extinct ibis survived until the time Europeans reached Réunion.
He notes that the picturisation of violence in the film was glamourised and uninhibited.
He often took months to complete a portrait, leaving large periods of inactivity between sittings.
He opened the regular season with a complete game victory against the Yankees on April 16.
He operated a number of shops in London and Nottingham, and exhibited travelling shows throughout the country.
He played in Major League Baseball from 1912 through 1933.
He previously appeared in Casualty as the brother of a patient in 1988.
He quickly rose to the rank of colour sergeant before being commissioned in 1890.
He remained hostage until the next year and had to pay a large ransom for his own release.
He returned to training after surgery and chemotherapy, but died on 10 August that year.
He returned to working for the Royal Commission, examining and cataloguing the historic structures of Essex.
He runs into a camera, which crashes and starts a fire: the crowd panic and flee.
He said that the police told him he had 15 minutes to take down the sign.
He secretly begins to fawn over Tati, although he does not tell her the reason.
He sent for his family in 1952, and they moved to Buenos Aires.
He showed up in army fatigues carrying all his clothes in a duffel bag.
He signed a letter of intent with Butler on July 7, 2010.
He signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 10, 1971.
He spent his first two years at Michigan serving as one of the primary backups to Mike Hart.
He stayed at Fir Park for four years, helping the club finish second in the league twice.
He suggested an analogy: artificial intelligence requires computer power in the same way that aircraft require horsepower.
He thereby finds that group 3 should consist of Sc, Y, Lu, Lr.
He took office as Senator from New York on January 3, 1965.
He took over the Kleine shop in Wiedensahl, which he completely modernised.
He turns his back to the female, spreads his wings in display and walks backwards towards her.
He urged decisive action, so that the public would believe that good had triumphed over evil.
He was appointed a justice of the peace on 10 September 1914.
He was buried with full military honours in a ceremony at Levin RSA Cemetery, in Levin.
He was considering taking time off from acting and did not really want the role in Match Point.
He was imprisoned in the Confederate Libby Prison and Belle Isle, which were notoriously harsh prisons.
He was removed from the rest of the curling competition but his team was allowed to continue.
He was the only player to reach double figures, and was followed by Jarvis with nine goals.
He was visited in the following days by many local members of the nobility and aristocracy.
He was wounded again but remained at his gun even after the German commander asked for their surrender.
He will select whichever of his Heads of Liberty he prefers for the obverse of the same.
He worked his way through the minor leagues, alternating between spots in the rotation and the bullpen.
He would change the words if they began to sound too much like an actual, spoken language.
He wrote that he had cured people who believed that the sun had caused them permanent eye damage.
Helicopters deployed 88 United States Marines to Galveston to patrol devastated areas.
Helms is a comic book fan, and one of his favorite characters is the Green Lantern.
Henry V was the next play, presented in May to mark the Coronation of George VI.
Henry was authorised to impose a tithe of one penny per hearth as an annual contribution.
Her design was heavily modified by the Soviets and she was completed in 1932.
Her detractors in Argentina had often accused Evita of turning public political life into show business.
Her father then met with financial difficulties, and she moved to Oregon, settling in Hillsboro.
Her performance in the first of these garnered her an IIFA Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination.
Her superior speed allowed her to escape, after which she operated off the northeastern coast of Brazil.
Here, NY 38 leaves Swift Street and joins NY 34 on South Street.
Hibiscus gained a second star in the 2004 Michelin Guide.
High winds are especially likely on the exposed coasts of Trotternish and Waternish.
Highlander is a fantasy series, yet I cared about the characters as though I know them...
His NDC classmates included Kraisi Karnasuta, governor of state energy company EGAT.
His book outlined structural carpentry in great detail, providing standard dimensional measurements for all components used;.
His cloak also kept getting caught under his foot, which made picking up Wakefield even harder.
His colleagues raised enough money to have the school built to leave a lasting legacy in his honour.
His concern is reflected in the darkened flesh and background tones of his paintings from this period.
His consulship may therefore have been intended to emphasize the stability and status quo of the regime.
His decision has been analyzed by historians, and often criticized, particularly in Ukrainian historiography.
His earliest pattern coins designed during his tenure at the Philadelphia Mint were intended for the half dollar.
His excavation report was published in 1943 as Maidan Castle, Dorset.
His experience as an undertaker had a powerful effect on the portrayal of death in his games.
His first book, Adrenaline, was published under the pseudonym James Dillinger.
His first goal for Spain came against Italy on 28 April 2004.
His first start at international level was against Croatia which was the England game following his substitute appearance.
His friend, William Crabtree, also observed this transit from Broughton, near Manchester.
His growth in the game was also labelled as one of the most enjoyable elements from the title.
His hair was white; there was no trick about that; and his face was another white.
His life is celebrated during commemorations of the treaty signings and the Sandy Lake Tragedy.
His mother, Julie Gilliam, has pictures of him at age six wearing a Michigan uniform.
His negotiations with the company and its successor, ITV plc, continued for the next few years.
His objective was to create a socially relevant, interactive fountain for the 21st century.
His request was granted on the condition that he help build up Perfect as a credible babyface.
His son Telemachus will inherit the throne that Ulysses finds burdensome.
His wife Anna had died in January, 1942 and he had married Mrs.
His work is filled with pop cultural references to both film and music, as well as politics.
Historian Satz says this symbolized disagreement rather than acceptance of the terms of the treaty.
Historians are divided about the time and place of his birth and death and his original faith.
History is full of people who have had their homes taken from them, forced to become refugees.
Hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe and at the Oregon Journal newspaper.
Hooley, for a specimen collected at Atherfield Point on the Isle of Wight.
Hoover Dam impounds Lake Mead, the largest reservoir in the United States by volume.
Hoover Dam is a major tourist attraction; nearly a million people tour the dam each year.
Horthy felt that the element of surprise had been compromised, and therefore called off the operation.
House of Representatives investigated Wright since no report had officially been published despite the money paid for it.
Howard toured the province advocating for the federal government to enter into Open skies agreements with Asian nations.
Howard, whose poetical subjects sometimes require naked figures, never disgusts the eye or mind.
However they did not start anything again, James said she understood why because of their complicated backstory.
However, a bout of bronchitis led Cullen to fear that his cancer had returned.
However, a package duly arrived in the mail, containing several pounds of genuine europium oxide.
However, actress Gabrielle Union, a rape victim, praised the video for being relatable.
However, after element 120, filling electronic configurations stops obeying Aufbau principle.
However, after two weeks, his solicitors managed to persuade the court to grant him bail.
However, dolphins off Argentina and New Zealand make inshore and offshore seasonal and diurnal movements.
However, he had developed a strong interest in the history and archaeology of the Great Plains.
However, in Quebec, they gained only five seats as the province returned 62 Liberals.
However, in natural environments, nutrients are limited, meaning that bacteria cannot continue to reproduce indefinitely.
However, it was discontinued after a month because most motorists did not mail in their tolls.
However, liquid growth media are used when measurement of growth or large volumes of cells are required.
However, some teams lost interest when Hamels broke his left humerus during his sophomore year.
However, such laws are unenforceable as the United States Supreme Court in Texas v.
However, the ball was still required to strike the batsman in line with the wickets.
However, the convection diminished on October 2 before entering the Caribbean Sea a week later.
However, the environment they were in caused him to let his guard down and they slept together.
However, the kakapo population in New Zealand has declined massively since human settlement of the country.
However, the only orthographic system used to mark vowels is the Tiberian vocalization.
However, the peripheral is not compatible with the original Nintendo DS model or the Nintendo DSi.
However, there was a case of a female striped hyena dominating 12 Arabian wolves.
However, this church was soon considered inadequate for the growing importance of the capital of New Spain.
Hugh supported the building campaign of Salisbury Cathedral, ordering that money be collected throughout his diocese.
Humans have developed a tolerance to these viruses, and most are infected with at least one species.
Humidity tends to be high all year round, and rain usually occurs between September and May.
Hunt was invited to direct the second unit for You Only Live Twice and accepted the job.
I believe that from a fundamental point of view, this is a very interesting and serious problem.
I have to make sure that the main idea of the piece is reflected in all these steps.
I rang Alan up, saying I ’ d like to be involved with what he was doing.
I was put on the bench and they tried to bring me on with a minute to go.
I ’ d be standing there with a big black eye and a fat lip and deny it.
Ibarguren and her children were forced to move to the poorest area of Junín.
Imbudo caused flooding in the capital Haikou, and several houses were wrecked.
Important theoretical work on the physical structure of stars occurred during the first decades of the twentieth century.
In 1345, while Grosmont was in France, his father died.
In 1629, work was interrupted by flooding, over two metres in depth.
In 1671, the Royal Society asked for a demonstration of his reflecting telescope.
In 1723, Welsh Tract settlers pushed for the road to be improved.
In 1826 commissioners for the social and economic improvement of Oldham were established.
In 1851, the Auburn and Moravia Plank Road Company was incorporated.
In 1872, the village site was homesteaded and placed under cultivation.
In 1893 Mathews purchased the island of Changuu for the government.
In 1893, Siegfried died from a combination of influenza and pneumonia.
In 1911 he led one of the first organized player strikes over increased pay.
In 1918, Barker produced a postcard series depicting elves and fairies.
In 1939 he enrolled at the University of Manitoba, majoring in chemistry.
In 1939, Grove had a peculiar game while pitching against the Tulsa Oilers.
In 1948, Erling Mossige was appointed managing director of the company.
In 1948, a team from the city won the Little League World Series.
In 1948, he delivered lectures at the University of London and Nottingham University.
In 1958, Cleveland manager Bobby Bragan used Wilhelm occasionally as a starter.
In 1960, Ronald William Clark published a biography titled Sir Mortimer Wheeler.
In 1969 he became a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
In 1981, Davies booked Tina at The Ritz in New York City.
In 1985, DC Comics acquired a line of characters from Charlton Comics.
In 1985, a new booking system was introduced, that allowed overbooking.
In 1991, Mosley challenged Balestre for the presidency of FISA.
In 1997 an outbreak of respiratory disease occurred in Malaysian farmers and their pigs.
In 1997, the Artemis Project designed a plan to colonize Europa.
In 2004, 80 % of construction in the city was private.
In 2006 he was given an entry in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography.
In 2007 they obtained funding for the link between Boston and Spalding.
In 2008, he was banned from entering Israel for 10 years.
In 2011 David Pountney was appointed to succeed Fisher as chief executive.
In 2012, PlayStation Magazine included it among the ten most emotional PlayStation moments.
In 2013 the lower school had approximately 577 pupils on roll.
In 2013 the song was a part of the set list during The Mrs.
In 2014, she appeared in a health insurance television advertisement for AARP.
In April 2008, Grays Athletic staged a benefit match for Cooksey.
In August 2010, he became the director of the Czech State Environmental Fund.
In Britain, the rook and the common starling are the most infested wild birds.
In Cebu City, schools, businesses, and government offices were closed for a day.
In France, he was posted to B Company, Wellington Infantry Battalion with the rank of private.
In Guangxi, high rainfall increased water levels in 45 reservoirs to warning levels.
In Ireland, legal condom sales were allowed for the first time in 1978.
In July 2015, he became the Honorary President of the Poetry Archive.
In July, British forces were sent from India to relieve the Australian troops in Ceylon.
In July, he cancelled Thunderbirds after failing in his second attempt to secure an American buyer.
In Lockport, the local opponent was Mason Shimer, who wrestled Tomita unsuccessfully.
In May 1688 the province briefly became part of the Dominion of New England.
In May 2006, Hamels made his major league debut for the Phillies.
In May 2007, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed the facility.
In May, he finished second to Ronaldo for the FWA Footballer of the Year award.
In November, he was sidelined for an estimated minimum of two weeks due to nerve root irritation.
In Oceania, the album reached number 79 on the Australian ARIA Charts.
In October 1970, Dylan released New Morning, considered a return to form.
In October 2004, Brosnan said he considered himself dismissed from the role.
In October 2006, the pilot aired on NBC as 30 Rock.
In October, Grove injured his other knee when he was involved in an automobile accident in Missouri.
In a desperate bid to starve the fire, firefighters began razing buildings with dynamite.
In a study of Italian translations, Adrian Pablé found thirteen different versions using eight titles.
In a typical season, about nine tropical storms develop, of which five strengthen to hurricane strength.
In addition to a fastball, deGrom learned to throw a changeup and a slider.
In addition to films, Anderson has directed several music videos, including several for musician Fiona Apple.
In addition to her scientific proficiency, Rona spoke English, French, German, and Hungarian.
In addition to his work on nuclear physics, he cultivated flowers and orchids at his home.
In addition to liverworts, Barbeyella is found socialised with monocellular algae.
In addition to touring the world, Carey performed on a variety of television programs and award shows.
In addition, Calder and Petra develop a special friendship and certain respect for the value of art.
In addition, a roof collapsed in on a house, killing six of the residents living there.
In all situations, lane violation penalties cannot occur if there are further free throws to be awarded.
In all, twelve Progress flights delivered over 20 tonnes of equipment, supplies and fuel.
In astronomy, it is customary to refer to this change using a dimensionless quantity called z.
In contrast, application of separately packaged spermicide is believed to increase the contraceptive efficacy of condoms.
In contrast, the little raven and forest raven hold their bodies in an upright posture.
In doing so, he became the first Native American from the Southwest to meet an American president.
In early August, Hurricane Gladys caused severe localized flooding in Mexico, primarily in Mexico City.
In early December the 16th Brigade was relieved by the 30th Brigade.
In his first season, he set a professional football record for both field goals and extra points.
In his monograph, Jones concludes that Domitian was a ruthless, but efficient autocrat.
In its final years, it was struck in small numbers, causing speculation by hoarders.
In keeping with this belief, the names of deities often relate to their roles or origins.
In medieval times the township was within the manor of Castlerigg and Derwentwater.
In modern times, the wolf is widely used as an emblem for military and paramilitary groups.
In northeastern Florida, police officers were stationed to ensure people did not swim in the dangerous seas.
In one isolated study, they were observed feeding on nectar from eucalypt flowers.
In order to accurately write the song, Yankovic researched the various types of hernias.
In order to find support for their choice, these men have created and joined many support networks.
In particular, adjectives and nouns show more affinity to each other than in most European languages.
In parts of coastal Georgia, high water resulted in several road closures and flooded a few homes.
In response to the issues, patrols were increased and additional signage was added to inform swimmers.
In response, the Highway Development Association proposed designating El Cajon Boulevard as a business route.
In retaliation, Angle returned to the match and eliminated Michaels and then attacked him outside the ring.
In some areas, players can collect a Starman that transforms Baby Mario into Super Baby Mario.
In some cases, a lone wolf is adopted into a pack to replace a deceased breeder.
In some cases, it will fuse heavier elements at the core or in shells around the core.
In spite of multiple wars, the Jin remained one of the main trading partners of the Song.
In the 1803 Louisiana Purchase, France sold the territory to the United States.
In the 1960s, prosperity became a primary focus in healing revivals.
In the 1960s, the first virus that could cause hepatitis was discovered.
In the 21st century, architects are again starting to explore the use of ornament.
In the Golden Chords, he performed covers of songs by Little Richard and Elvis Presley.
In the Himalaya, in particular, mountaineering had been dominated by wealthy Englishmen.
In the US, it peaked at number 24 on the Billboard Top Electronic Albums chart.
In the United States, it also reached number one on the Billboard Latin Tropical Airplay chart.
In the computer era, spacing between sentences is handled in several different ways by various software packages.
In the current initial phase, 50 taxis from the service are operating in Haifa.
In the developing world, significant burns may result in social isolation, extreme poverty and child abandonment.
In the end, she warns Peter that global warming is causing Gracehope to slowly melt away.
In the final adjudication, Bernice Pauahi Bishop received two of the nine shares.
In the final, he was once again defeated by top seed Djokovic in four sets.
In the first part of the trilogy, Knopp is depressed and will look for a wife.
In the four years after installation this reduced the suicide rate from eight deaths per year to four.
In the installment, a little girl named Amy is kidnapped and imprisoned by a mentally unstable photographer.
In the main event, Bret Hart retained his WWF World Heavyweight Championship against Shawn Michaels.
In the meantime, the Jewish Community of Zagreb sought to legally reacquire its property.
In the season opener, Tech traveled to North Carolina to face the Wake Forest Demon Deacons.
In the second round, the team lost to Wisconsin, 68 – 59.
In the years since the Spokane Arena opened, it has played host to several major sporting events.
In their opener, they fell to host and qualifiers Chinese Taipei, 4 – 1.
In these investigations, Bedell quickly gained the support of small gasoline marketers and Congressman Bill Nelson.
In this case no shots were fired and the strikers did not confront the police or troops.
In this context Agricola has been often incorrectly credited with the discovery of metallic antimony.
In this game, the player can choose to start the game as either Mega Man or Bass.
In this region the plasma will not be perturbed, and any mass motions will die out.
In this respect, the lessons of history and the social structures built upon it could be discarded.
In this type of application, one finds a DAG in which the paths form the given sequences.
In this way, ideas like player health and object weight puzzles were gradually struck from Fez.
In times of scarcity, wolves readily eat carrion, visiting cattle burial grounds and slaughter houses.
In town it runs along Maple Street and then runs north toward Lake City on Morey Road.
Increased security concerns by the government have led to most of the interior structure being inaccessible to tourists.
Incubation is by the female only, and the incubation period is around sixteen days.
Incubation of the eggs is done solely by the female over roughly 20 days.
Incumbent mayor Kurt Schmoke, a Democrat, opted not to run for reelection.
Indeed, adjacent to Hill 217, the Hinge dominated it from the north.
Individuals present images of themselves based on how society thinks they should act in a particular situation.
Individuals suffering from more severe burns may indicate discomfort or complain of feeling pressure rather than pain.
Initially disorganized and weak, the system tracked westward across the Atlantic Ocean for several weeks.
Initially friends, Turner and Bach began dating the following year, and have remained together ever since.
Initially there were only three known storms in the year, but additional research uncovered the additional storms.
Initially, the center of circulation remained difficult to locate on surface charts due to lack of data.
Instead, a new edit was produced which contained shots of the band in both suits and dresses.
Instead, the supporting troops to their rear were withdrawn and the Turks managed to get behind them.
Intracellular membranes called chromatophores are also found in membranes of phototrophic bacteria.
Irish culture has had a significant influence on other cultures, especially in the fields of literature.
Isabella and her main work have been subjected to criticism over the course of the twentieth century.
It also became a success internationally reaching the top of the charts in Ireland and the United Kingdom.
It also fought on the side of the British during the War of 1812.
It also led directly to the land routes being used by the UN to reinforce Taegu.
It also simultaneously topped the Radio & Records Christian AC, Christian CHR, and INSPO charts.
It begins One year after Megaman 8 when a robot villain named King breaks into Dr.
It could be Christian kids doing it — and on January 2 they become good Christians again.
It dates from the late medieval period, and was constructed using rubble masonry and large stones.
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on Halloween 1999.
It follows the chord progression Gsus2 – Csus2 – Em – Csus2.
It follows their assimilation into American society in Detroit, Michigan, then a booming industrial city.
It had three masts that were initially rigged with lateen sails, like a galley.
It has digitized speech and better graphics in the form of greater details and number of colours.
It has three stories of three bays, with the upper floor housed in two gables.
It includes a standard 2.8L VM Motori turbodiesel and automatic transmission.
It is Balaguer who guides much of the action in the last sections of the book.
It is a critical area on the court where much of the action takes place in a game.
It is a grade I listed building and forms part of the B3129 road.
It is a grade II * listed structure, and consists of two mills, side by side.
It is a stucco mural located at the east end of the 5th terrace.
It is believed that a ligature was involved, and that Park inflicted the injuries upon himself.
It is certain that Jardine by this stage had developed an intense dislike for Australian crowds.
It is conventional in mathematics to define w1 / n as the principal value of the root.
It is designed to cause pain to the attacker, hopefully allowing the victim a chance to escape.
It is explained by the medieval use of the swastika as a symbol of the Sun.
It is larger in all parts than the other varieties, and has been considered a separate species.
It is made of woven coarse dry grass and other plants, and lined with finer grasses.
It is set in common time and has a moderate tempo of 96 beats per minute.
It is within the photosphere that sun spots, regions of lower than average temperature, appear.
It keeps her from having to deal with the rest of humanity in a certain sort of way.
It lived in a variety of habitats, including tussocklands, scrublands and coastal areas.
It mandated a referendum that would then be used to determine what types of production controls to enact.
It recommended against any rebuilding of the West End in the event of damage due to another hurricane.
It runs from the Indiana state line in the south to Charlevoix in the north.
It served as an open market for the sale of goods and services, including produce and clothing.
It spread slowly and by 1954 had reached Clanwilliam and Port Elizabeth.
It stars Eddie Redmayne and Alicia Vikander, both of whom received Academy Award nominations.
It suffered fire damage in 1390 and again in 1445.
It took another month to actually clear the obstacles and two monitors arrived before the end of January.
It was a common site for both amateur and professional archaeology, as well as relic hunting.
It was built in 2010 and officially opened in 2012.
It was built in around 20 days by over 60 men amid heavy rains.
It was commonly held to be an incurable affliction whose sufferers should be isolated from society.
It was designed to relieve Ely of through traffic and partly cuts into Leckwith Hill.
It was established in 2012 with the aim of providing quality instruction and research.
It was established in order to educate the Polish people about the history and significance of national symbols.
It was first conjectured by the historian Moritz Cantor in 1882.
It was first used in combat in the North African Campaign in November 1942.
It was going to be John making a political statement, but a very commercial one as well...
It was not unusual for Ethiopian rulers to postpone their coronation until later in their reigns.
It was set up in eight hours and began operations on the evening of 16 January.
It was surrounded by wetlands on all sides, reducing the amount of land available for agriculture.
It was the first time in Oregon since the Civil War that martial law was put into effect.
It was the first time in franchise history the Blue Jackets finished in 30th place.
It was the first time since 1936 that Cambridge had secured seven consecutive victories.
It was the fourth, and last, such unit raised within the 2nd AIF.
It was the only Indonesian film of 2010 to sell over a million tickets.
It won the Best International Video award at the 2004 MuchMusic Video Awards.
It ’ s the condition of the soldier trained to kill when he suspects his targets are innocent.
Iterating tetration leads to another operation, and so on, a concept named hyperoperation.
Its business community promoted progress, and immigrants continued to stay after arriving at this port of entry.
Its diet is composed of various shrubs, small trees, grasses, and forbs.
Its exact function is debated, though most researchers agree that its primary purpose is to establish boundaries.
Its main painting was done by Jose de Ibarra and dated 1737.
Its most northerly location is southern Sweden, although it is generally rare in northern Europe.
Its only remains, a partial skull and isolated teeth, were found in the Kirkwood Formation.
Jack finds Tracy disobeying his order, but Tracy shouts that Jack is not his dad.
Jackson expressed her feelings for the man and proclaimed that she wanted to move with him to Kentucky.
Jackson seeks a more substantial relationship, but Susan is weary of such a commitment following her divorce.
Jackson was more involved with the production of the album than she had been on her previous releases.
Japanese tradition holds that fox possession can cause illiterate victims to temporarily gain the ability to read.
Jenkins contends that prosperity theology is used as a tool to justify the high salaries of pastors.
Jennings and Davis Floyd were the principal candidates in the special election, which Jennings won.
Jennings first met her when he was campaigning for Congress in 1809.
Jennings further angered Harrison when he attempted to secure a clerkship in the territorial legislature.
Jennings retired with his wife, Clarissa, to his home in Charlestown.
Jennings sang The Stage, which is a touching tribute to the Day the Music Died.
Jha that he was inspired by Karan Arjun to make films based on reincarnation.
John Baldwin was a person whose views seemed to run counter to the conventional customs of the time.
John DeLacy follows her home and disguises himself to secure a position on the farm.
Johnson administration officials did not conclude that the communists were responsible until four days after the attack.
Johnson admired and respected Morgan, and was pleased that his son had chosen to serve under him.
Johnston was also invited to turn on the Carlisle Christmas lights and perform at the celebrations.
Jordan won his first NBA Finals MVP award, and he cried while holding the NBA Finals trophy.
Jordan, Jr., one older sister, Deloris, and a younger sister, Roslyn.
June 28, 2012: In the case of United States v.
Juvenile birds leave their parents and join flocks when they are four or five months old.
Kaimanawas are of special value because of their low rate of interaction with humans.
Kamalakannan, with assistance from Adel Adili and Pete Draper.
Karchner induced another out before loading the bases on a single by Shawon Dunston.
Karthika Srinivas was its chief editor, assisted by Siva Saravanan.
Kashi Naresh Udit Narayan Singh started this tradition around 1830.
Kate and Sawyer stay at the second triangulation point, while Sayid goes to the third.
Katie Taylor has won gold in every European and World championship since 2005.
Keith DeCandido watched the episode for Tor.com in July 2011.
Kennedy was taken a mile away to Central Receiving Hospital, where he arrived near death.
Keshiraja was a notable writer and grammarian of the 13th century.
Ketchum gives different British casualties of 60 killed and 168 wounded.
Ketchum who was police chief of the city during the 1900 Storm.
Khandoba is portrayed as a king of Jejuri, where his chief temple stands.
Khandoba revives the sheep by spreading his bhandara and reveals his true form.
Killdeer and spotted sandpipers can be seen foraging for insects along the gravel bars.
Kyle is very much like his father, Stahn, although Kyle remembers little of his father.
Lady Rosebery died of typhoid at Dalmeny in 1890.
Lady Rosebery, an orphan and only child, appears to have been desperate to lavish affection.
Lake Mead and downstream releases from the dam also provide water for both municipal and irrigation uses.
Lamar does not rap a verse on the song; he instead contributes vocals to its refrain.
Land acquisitions for the South Beltline Freeway were completed in July 2001.
Langton was also to investigate rumours that Hugh was not celibate, and had two daughters.
Later fossils revealed the true nature of the thumb spikes, although their exact function is still debated.
Later in life, he ran an insurance business and served as a team ambassador for the Browns.
Later it became known as the Cardiff Bay Link Road, then renamed the Eastern Bay Link Road.
Later that day, Brenda made landfall east of New Orleans, Louisiana at the same intensity.
Later that day, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology began monitoring the system as a tropical low.
Later vestiges date from the Roman epoch and include a colonnaded road lined with shops.
Later, Rapahel called back York, announcing that Nelson would record the entire album there.
Later, Williams and York started layering their voices to imitate those of gospel choir members.
Later, around 5600 BC, Great Britain itself became separated from continental Europe.
Laurent governments laid the groundwork for the welfare state, a development initially opposed by many Tories.
Leavis too austere, but he points out a quality which Keats plainly sought for.
Len Wein joined the project as its editor, while Giordano stayed on to oversee it.
Leslie decides to take his advice and rents a bulldozer to fill in the pit.
Levi Buchanan of IGN said the game struck the right balance of tutorial by trial and error.
Like ATRA, arsenic trioxide does not work with other subtypes of AML.
Like most terrestrial starlings the common starling moves by walking or running, rather than hopping.
Like the original release, The Secret of Monkey Island: Special Edition received positive reviews from critics.
Like the other specialized archipelago vessels, the hemmema had specific strengths and weaknesses.
Likewise, entire shrines are dedicated to kitsune, where devotees can leave offerings.
Likewise, the loss dropped Virginia Tech to a final record of 8 – 4.
Lisa points out how expensive international calls are, so Bart decides to make a collect call instead.
Lisa was played by Meilani Paul before the surgery and by Vandernoot after it.
Listing was begun by a provision in the Town and Country Planning Act 1947.
Looking through CCTV footage, he and Joanne discover that it is George who made the calls.
Lymph node swelling is rare in AML, in contrast to acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Lyrically, the song is about a drug addict who is undergoing a crisis of faith.
López signed a minor league deal for the Chicago White Sox in 2006.
MDOT provides a number of different services to motorists traveling along the state trunkline highway system.
MTV publicist Peter Danielson said that many of the submissions featured teenagers imitating Madonna.
Machairs have received considerable ecological and conservational attention, chiefly because of their unique ecosystems.
Macrinus, a Praetorian prefect at the time, was involved in the assassination.
Madsen and Helgenberger reprised their roles, while Henstridge played Eve.
Major and minor characters continue to be used in commercials, promos, films and sitcoms.
Major restoration and foundation work began in the 1990s to stabilize the building.
Male gray wolves often mount each other when the highest ranking female in the pack comes into heat.
Many Egyptologists and anthropologists have suggested theories about how the gods developed in these early times.
Many churches were allocated to support designated canons, and a small number were held in common.
Many individuals who would otherwise renovate the houses reconsidered their decisions as the land value increased.
Many of the tanks got bogged down on the beach or were taken out by enemy fire.
Many of them became seriously disaffected when they first received their salary from the Rhodesian Army.
Many people prefer double sentence spacing for informal use because that was how they were taught to type.
March cars powered by BMW engines won five of the next 11 European Formula Two championships.
Maya Lindholm was born in Hamburg on 20 December 1990.
McBlair, Atlanta conducted her sea trials down the Savannah River toward Fort Pulaski.
McCain was an especially vocal supporter of the 2011 military intervention in Libya.
McCall played in his fourth Scottish Cup final as Rangers defeated Hearts 5 – 1.
McIlvain spent a fair amount of time getting the window angles correct on the sets.
McIntyre as president of the railroad on November 7, 1996.
Meanwhile, Keith tracks down the husband, and Veronica accuses Weevil of robbing the party.
Meanwhile, infantry began clearing the heavily fortified houses along the shore and advanced on targets further inland.
Members of Combined Operations Pilotage Parties clandestinely prepared detailed harbour maps, including depth soundings.
Men spent their free time doing crafts such as woodworking, rugmaking, leatherwork and photography.
Mennonites established the northwest Philadelphia section of Germantown in 1683.
Merrick later went to live at the London Hospital under the care of Sir Frederick Treves.
Meyer was killed, and his detailed maps of German coastal emplacements fell into British hands.
Middleton and Michelena gave an interview to Anthony after The White Hen was an established hit.
Midil, who retained his award issued October 25, 1893.
Milam joined the militia as a private, and the group soon rejoined the vanguard.
Miller, with recording and mixing done by Sam Hewitt at Zoo Studio in Franklin, Tennessee.
Minimal white markings are accepted by the registry, although leg markings may not extend above the knee.
Miss Meyers died in March 1963, shortly after having Kid Meyers.
Moabite might be considered a Hebrew dialect, though it possessed distinctive Aramaic features.
Monument 114 was dedicated in 794 by Ruler 8.
Monument 12 is a sculpture carved in the round, representing Ruler 2.
More recent authors such as Nikos Salingaros, however, doubt all these claims.
More recently evolved viruses cause epidemics and pandemics – and it is these that history records.
More revisions were made in order to make the new world created in the novel easier to understand.
Mosley successfully sued the newspaper that published the allegations and maintained his position as FIA president.
Most commonly the Pearl Index is used to calculate effectiveness rates, but some studies use decrement tables.
Most of the ghats are bathing ghats, while others are used as cremation sites.
Most of the principal photography was done in Los Angeles, California, where the film is set.
Most of their disciples were young and interested in occultism or otherwise lived outside of mainstream society.
Most of these rituals were established at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp.
Most of these theologians had retained their positions in the Church during the tenure of William Laud.
Movement between the Republican and the Platte probably occurred continually until about 1825.
Moynihan later rationalized that the wall was made of candy, and thus was harmless.
Much of the development at this time consisted of new residential areas away from the old city centre.
Much of the rest of the population lives in crofting townships scattered around the coastline.
Much of this region was claimed by other states who subsequently ceded these to the federal government.
My father lived here before me, sir, and by now I have many children and grandchildren.
NC State began the 1986 college football season coming off three consecutive losing seasons.
NY 38 continues northwest out of Harford hamlet and into Tompkins County.
Nash announced his retirement from playing on March 21, 2015.
Nash missed the last two games of the series after recurring issues with his hip and hamstring.
Nash only played in three preseason games before he started to feel more pain in his back.
Nashville Rebel was the soundtrack to an independent film of the same name, starring Jennings.
Nathan also became the third pitcher in club history to post consecutive 40 save seasons.
Navy officer notable for sinking the Confederate commerce raider CSS Alabama during the American Civil War.
Naya, being a partial expression of truth, enables us to comprehend reality part by part.
Near the east end of the church, a short transept extends a short distance outward.
Nesbitt played Guildenstern, Barnardo and the second gravedigger.
Netflix agreed to contribute an undisclosed fixed fee to production costs in March 2011.
Nevertheless, there is a measurable effect on the quality of deer populations by puma predation.
News of the Panama Canal inspired him to connect his rail line to the closest deep water port.
Nicole became more irresponsible with the more she drank and was in the company of many men.
Nicole becomes fed up when the baby is late and Angelo tries to help her start labour.
Nicole goes on a date with Angelo and she takes him to her antenatal class.
No names were retired, so it was used again in the 1996 season.
Noise created by mobile phones has become a particular concern in live performances, particularly those being recorded.
Nonetheless, he felt the final product ended up being better than anything he would have created.
North Korea is completely empty, with the entire population presumed to have disappeared into underground bunkers.
North Somerset has many religious structures; the largest number are from the Norman or medieval eras.
North of here, the forests cede slightly as the amount of fields along the highway increases.
Norton to edit; a few months later Norton rehired Pohl as an assistant.
Notes can be a single note, or composed of two to five notes that make a chord.
Nothing was ever proven against Lady Rosebery and no tangible evidence exists to substantiate the claim.
Noël also did a priceless thing, he taught me not to giggle on the stage.
Numbness or tingling may persist for a prolonged period of time after an electrical injury.
Nuskhuri was soon augmented with Asomtavruli illuminated capitals in religious manuscripts.
Objections to this practice developed immediately because the men felt they were helping to fund the war.
Of the injured, 79 were Uyghurs and 39 were Hans.
Of these, the Sarmatians and the Dacians posed the most formidable threat.
Offshore Virginia, swells generated by the storm stranded a tugboat and injured two people.
Old Tobe was owned by a resident of Spout Springs, Kentucky named Sam Tuttle.
Oldham, though lacking in leisure and cultural amenities, is historically notable for its theatrical culture.
Oliver said that he would ultimately donate any money collected by the church to Doctors Without Borders.
Olivier dismissed the suggestion, regarding it as an insult to his integrity as an actor.
Olivier returned to the Old Vic for a second season in 1938.
Olivier secured the casting of Leigh to replace Cherry Cottrell as Ophelia.
On 15 December 1961, Eichmann was sentenced to death.
On 27 November, he defeated Dean Hickman by TKO in round 6.
On 28 November 2006, both men were sentenced to life imprisonment.
On 5 April 1972, Molde Airport, Årø opened.
On 6 July, British forces landed at Gemlik, while Marlborough provided artillery support.
On 7 June, the battery was assaulted again by two troops of commandos from No.
On Alamagan where the storm struck, six people rode out the storm in a concrete bunker.
On August 1, 2013, the song impacted American mainstream urban radio.
On August 29, 2006, Dylan released his Modern Times album.
On December 31, he again was named Atlantic 10 Rookie of the Week.
On February 13, 2002, Jennings died from complications of diabetes.
On January 8, 2008, Genius Entertainment released the film on DVD.
On March 11, Burke was named one of five finalists for the Cousy Award.
On May 11, a brief depression formed near Bermuda but dissipated the following day.
On May 17, 2016, Nathan signed with the Chicago Cubs.
On November 8, NC State traveled to Charlottesville, Virginia, to play the Virginia Cavaliers.
On October 23, a tropical cyclone formed south of Cabo Corrientes.
On October 9, the extratropical system was analyzed to have become a tropical depression.
On September 4, 2011, the Broncos placed Minor on injured reserve.
On a course set for Earth, he is overwhelmed by a Covenant strike force and rendered unconscious.
On defense, Tech allowed an average of 190 yards per game through the air.
On my third day in Princeton I was invited to give a short report on my thesis work.
On the other hand, they acknowledged that the text was written by humans in their own styles.
Once the duo can reach Sinhagad fort, they can kill the army together effectively.
Once there, Bond subdues the driver and breaks into the office safe of president Mr.
One of the two caves is incomplete, while the other contains a Stupa made in brick.
One possible remedy is biological pest control using the parasitoidal wasps Larra bicolor.
One was constructed at Arromanches by British forces, the other at Omaha by American forces.
One writer, the historian Peter Lord, has suggested that it was initially used as an altar.
Only results within the previous four years are used, so points are added and removed over time.
Only the Florida panther showed variation, often preferring feral hogs and armadillos.
Originally, when the Lich set off his bomb, the storyboard featured a simple mushroom cloud.
Other areas on Skye ranged between 48 per cent and 25 per cent.
Other entries in the soundtrack contain leitmotifs from Chrono Trigger and Radical Dreamers.
Otherwise his diet consisted of steamed vegetables and pulses, and a pound of apples a day.
Ottoman aircraft attacked the Suez Canal twice during May, dropping bombs on Port Said.
Over longer periods of time, new series of transits will start and old series will end.
Over the course of her several appearances in The Next Generation, information is revealed about her backstory.
Over the next three days, a shadow government was established with Bowling Green as its temporary capital.
Over the years since European settlement Waterfall Gully has suffered from both bushfires and flooding.
Overall, damage was slightly more than $ 88 million, mostly to crops and agriculture.
PAVN forces had begun moving through Cambodian territory as early as 1963.
Paddy Casey recorded a version for the tsunami relief album Even Better Than the Real Thing Vol.
Paired gods can stand for opposite but interrelated concepts that are part of a greater unity.
Palmyra was an autonomous city subordinate to Rome and part of Syria Phoenice province.
Pat Harney, spokeswoman for the Church of Scientology in Clearwater, Florida told the St.
Paul, the state capital, where they obtained a portion of the annuities still owed.
Paved and unpaved trails and paths are used for recreational and commuter purposes throughout the city.
People do not really get it and you will leave them with a foul taste in their mouth.
Periostitis has also been documented in the shoulder blade of a ceratopsian.
Petersburg Times the event was timed to coincide with the birthday of Lisa McPherson.
Pfaster shows interest in Scully, and learns her name from the interrogated suspect.
Phase II of the operation began with the arrival of elements of the 9th Infantry Division.
Phil Morris as Doctor Joshua Strongbear Sweet, a medic of African American and Native American descent.
Philura Gould Baldwin graduated in 1886 and was the granddaughter of John Baldwin.
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Dual Destinies is the fifth entry in the main series.
Pillars, six in each row, divide the hall into a series of smaller chambers.
Pirates manager Jim Leyland opposed the trade vehemently, and the proposal was rescinded.
Plan B sampled the track on his 2007 mixtape Paint it Blacker.
Players can carry an unlimited number of weapons and almost all of the weapons have two firing modes.
Plensa focused on the philosophical meanings associated with fountains, their history, use and art.
Plensa had used LED fixtures on previous projects, and thus had some experience with these issues.
Plunketts Creek can vary greatly in depth, depending on the season and recent precipitation.
Plunketts Creek has been a place for lumber and tourism since its villages were founded.
Pohl contributed material himself, usually in collaboration with one or more of the Futurians.
Pokiri was scheduled for a worldwide release on 21 April 2006.
Polehinke underwent surgery for his injuries, including an amputation of his left leg.
Police Commissioner General Seripisut Temiyavej was appointed as an AoT Director.
Polygonal tuberculate scales, covered in small bumps, vary in size over the body.
Polytron drew ire for the decision, which raised awareness for the business needs of indie developers.
Prados, John, The Blood Road: The Ho Chi Minh Trail and the Vietnam War.
Prayer that recognizes the power of God to grant a person the ability to overcome sexual desires.
Precise widths for the lanes were established, as were regulations regarding the curvature of the track.
Preliminary research in Yellowstone, for instance, has shown displacement of the cougar by wolves.
Prerogative powers were formerly exercised by the monarch acting on his or her own initiative.
Princeton went undefeated for the rest of the 2001 season after the switch.
Prior to its opening water had flowed through the Canning Contour Channel to Gosnells.
Probably around the 1250s a postern was added to the north wall.
Professional wrestling is a type of sports entertainment in which theatrical events are combined with a competitive sport.
Puligere Somanatha authored a book on morals called Somesvarasataka.
Quiney was nevertheless summoned by Walter Nixon to appear before the Consistory court in Worcester.
Ra and Apep, battling each other each night, continue this struggle into the present.
Races are handicapped according to glider performance, and normally take place over nine days.
Raffles, which premiered at the Royal Shakespeare Company, with Denholm Elliott as Raffles.
Rag Pudding is a savoury dish said to be native to Oldham.
Raghuveer is determined to find the reincarnation of the warrior and kill him.
Ralf Schumacher had caught up to Michael Schumacher on lap 50.
Ramsey and Watrous continued to work to remove the Ojibwa to Sandy Lake.
Randall Roberts of Los Angeles Times stated that the worst part of the song is the hook.
Reaching 19 – 1 set a record for the best start in school history.
Ready to end their alliance with the Song, the Jurchens began preparations for an invasion.
Recorded with his touring band, Dylan produced the album himself under the pseudonym Jack Frost.
Reflecting on his work, Suda51 considers Killer7 his proudest achievement.
Reformed in religious outlook, she was also a supporter of the Protestant martyr Anne Askew.
Regional airports, such as Edinburgh Airport, have experienced strong growth in CAT operations in recent years.
Released in 1978, the movie received poor, sometimes scathing, reviews.
Religious scholar Catherine Wessinger posits that the suicides began on March 22.
René Auberjonois said that his new hairstyle reminded him of Jerry Lee Lewis.
Reporters and photographers rushed into the area from both directions, contributing to the confusion and chaos.
Resting places, play areas for the pups and food remains are commonly found around wolf dens.
Reviewers were especially pleased with the emotional experience of playing the game, particularly with other players.
Reyes tries to remind him that it does not matter as long as the case is solved.
Roberts also performed the song on British chat show Loose Women and on the Digital Music Awards.
Rockwell, a Whig, tried to table the bill, but his motion was defeated.
Roger Friedman of Fox News reported that the executives who listened to the previews liked what they heard.
Rona died on 27 July 1981 in Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
Rona, Elizabeth; Gilpatrick, L O; Jeffrey, Lela M, et.
Rose was roommates with Michael Mitchell, who played Bronson, another love interest for Mac.
Rosebery, accepting that a cabinet place was not going to be forthcoming, resigned from Government.
Route 11 had become the preferred route by the summer of 2014.
Rowen is the head of the Council in Gracehope and is strictly against going aboveground.
Roxas has been featured in various types of merchandising published by Square Enix.
Rufus died in 1816, followed by his wife not long afterward.
Ruler 2 acceded to the throne of Toniná in 668.
SI prefixes based on powers of 10 are also used to describe small or large quantities.
SR 243 was added to the state highway system in 1970.
Sage simplifies b0 to 1, even if no constraints are placed on b.
Saint Augustine answered objections to capital punishment rooted in the first commandment in The City of God.
Sameera, a journalist, convinces him that he is an orphan and is hallucinating.
Scale models for the six main vehicles were built by a contractor, Master Models of Middlesex.
Science also slowly came to realise the difference between perception of colour and mathematisable optics.
Seeing Jesus rise from the dead, the man immediately converted and told his wife what he saw.
Senate election in Arizona and drew support from some but not all elements of the Tea Party movement.
Senthil Kumar, and was edited by Kotagiri Venkateshwara Rao.
Separated from the rest of the British fleet, Black Prince approached the German lines at approximately midnight.
Several Jews and other survivors of the Holocaust dedicated themselves to finding Eichmann and other Nazis.
Several bays along the Pacific coast of Baja California are known to serve as nurseries.
Several commentators have labelled The Good Terrorist as a satire, while Lessing called it humorous.
Several days later, Ross relieved Patrick of his duties and once again assumed the role of coach.
Several risk factors and chromosomal abnormalities have been identified, but the specific cause is not clear.
Sexual organisms have two copies of each chromosome because they inherit one complete set from each parent.
Shawcross, William, Sideshow: Kissinger, Nixon and the Destruction of Cambodia.
She admitted to being jealous of and arguing with her husband, and stabbing him with a knife.
She and assistant costume designer Alex Fordham undertook a large amount of research looking for inspiration.
She attacks Rhys, who attempts to protect himself with a chainsaw, which malfunctions.
She began to pursue jobs on the stage and the radio, and eventually became a film actress.
She bombarded Ottoman positions in the Arabian Peninsula and took part in a blockade of the coast.
She conducted several training exercises, including with the submarine divisions where she served as a target ship.
She decides to reconnect with the other Halliwell sisters and devote her life to doing good.
She finalized taping of her last episodes with the show in November 2012.
She had to sail to Malta for permanent repairs which lasted until September 1931.
She interrogates Bond, but he thinks he has managed to bribe his way to freedom.
She is studying to be an occupational therapist at the BG Trauma Hospital in Hamburg Boberg.
She is taken to a clinic in New York and undergoes a series of tests and examinations.
She leaves behind a young daughter, Princess Kida, as the island sinks beneath the ocean.
She performed songs from games such as Kingdom Hearts, Live a Live, and Street Fighter II.
She released her first novel, entitled Road to the Sun, in 1952.
She remained in the position for only five months, being decommissioned on 5 June.
She resumed patrolling Spanish waters in 1938 and 1939.
She resumes her normal appearance, and Will and the New Directions welcome her back into the club.
She served as the flagship of the Portuguese fleet for the majority of her long and peaceful career.
She stayed there until 18 April when she headed south to scout the Narvik area.
She was also fitted for mine rails with a capacity of up to 120 mines.
She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 15 January 1914.
She was eventually transferred to the Atlantic in August 1917 for convoy escort duties.
She was immediately assigned to escort the ships of Operation Stoneage that relieved the Siege of Malta.
She was one of the few actors whom Pemberton and Shearsmith used in both series.
She was really trusting of me and my vision, and I was trusting of who she was.
She was under the command of Captain Robert Corbet, who had served there the previous year.
She won her first BRIT Award — Best International Female — in 2007.
She, Leon and Yuffie run a restoration committee for the town of Hollow Bastion.
Sheen, host of Life Is Worth Living, won an Emmy Award for Most Outstanding Personality.
Sheep and goats are in great numbers, and they have the common domestic fowls.
Ships in the vicinity of the storm reported a much stronger tropical cyclone than initially suggested.
Shortly after the announcement of Dota 2, Valve filed a trademark claim to the Dota name.
Shortly thereafter Townsend began putting together the next Devin Townsend Band record, with the working title Human.
Shortly thereafter, it lost its tropical characteristics and transitioned into an extratropical cyclone.
Shortly thereafter, on 13 December, Littorio escorted another convoy to North Africa.
Shueisha republished it in four volumes from May to June 2001.
Significantly, his first act as an Emperor was the deification of his brother Titus.
Silver felt that it was not always apparent who the sundry, undifferentiated characters were.
Similar usage by Christians and Sikhs in West Malaysia has recently led to political and legal controversies.
Since Modern Hebrew contains many biblical elements, Biblical Hebrew is fairly intelligible to Modern Hebrew speakers.
Since its sale in 2010, the helmet been on public display three times.
Since just before the year 2010, Bundoran has hosted European championship surfing.
Since males often predominate in any given wolf population, unpaired females are a rarity.
Six days later, Hindenburg replaced Seydlitz as flagship of the I Scouting Group.
Six months after the quake as much as 98 percent of the rubble remained uncleared.
Sixteen Swordfish made unsuccessful torpedo attacks on German ships in Trondheim harbour the following morning.
Skilled workers were required on the dam for fixing the formwork where the concrete was poured.
Slave villages were founded, whose inhabitants provided food for their Fulba masters to consume or sell.
Smart left the asylum on 30 January 1763 with Sherratt.
Snow is a romance visual novel in which the player assumes the role of Kanata Izumo.
Some Finance Bills have not fallen within this criterion; Consolidated Fund and Appropriation Bills have.
Some architects, such as Charles McKim and Stanford White refused to work on such projects altogether.
Some began reporting having expended stocks of critical medical supplies such as antibiotics by 17 January.
Some boats were swamped, and the winds ripped the roof off a cottage at Long Beach.
Some had been ejected from their churches or cited by ecclesiastical courts for their views.
Some instances of surplus killing have resulted in the deaths of 20 sheep in one attack.
Some of the evidence submitted by the prosecution took the form of depositions made by leading Nazis.
Some of the population resisted conversion for many years, particularly the nomadic Fulbe herders.
Some species of bacteria kill and then consume other microorganisms, these species are called predatory bacteria.
Some viruses store their entire genomes in the form of RNA, and contain no DNA at all.
Sounds that would likely cause offense in other musical contexts are made acceptable by their illustrative function.
Spokane became an important rail and shipping center because of its location between mining and farming areas.
Star Wars is also referenced when Tracy Jordan takes on the identity of the character Chewbacca.
Starfleet sought her aid to help the Cardassians apprehend a Bajoran terrorist.
Staying in the moment is a good way to live and we certainly hope that it happens.
Stefani is widening her footwear line for adults to include boots and stilettos.
Still, the reputation of AI, in the business world at least, was less than pristine.
Stockwell was inducted into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame in 2009.
Stockwell was the only Australian athlete to win three Olympic medals in 1984.
Stories depict them as intelligent beings and as possessing magical abilities that increase with their age and wisdom.
Storms were named Trudy and Vance for the first time in 1990.
Stress was originally penultimate and loss of final short vowels made many words have final stress.
Strobel was a contestant on the sixth season of the reality show Survivor: The Amazon.
Stryper gained attention with their way of throwing Bibles to the audience at their concerts.
Subsequently, over 100 recordings and alternate takes have circulated on bootleg records.
Success at national level can lead to a place in the national team and competition at international level.
Such a large garrison allowed the Hospitallers to extract tribute from a wide area.
Such feedback effects, from star formation, may ultimately disrupt the cloud and prevent further star formation.
Swaerfheard, however, is not named as king of Kent after this date.
Swift then sees a student at the entrance; the two make eye contact and the video concludes.
Symptoms include jaundice, a yellowing of the skin, eyes and body fluids.
Syracuse attackman Kenny Nims was named the Most Outstanding Player of the tournament.
Sängerfests were part of the Hambach Festival of 1832.
Takeoff clearance was canceled by the local controller prior to the start of the takeoff roll.
Taking advantage of the new Italian troops, Cardinal Pelagius began to intervene in strategic decisions.
Tatanka got the pinfall victory and retrieved his feathers from Martel after the match.
Tati is a fast learner, and is soon comparable to any woman from a wealthy family.
Taylor nevertheless asked Hương to publicly condemn the coup and call on the army to release those arrested.
Teachers of the doctrine focus on personal empowerment, promoting a positive view of the spirit and body.
Tech defensive end Morgan Roane was also suspended from playing for reasons not revealed by the university.
Tech picked up three first downs, then reached NC State territory on a pass to Donnelly.
Tech was unable to gain another first down and was forced to punt the ball to NC State.
Tel Aviv gained in status, while Haifa suffered a decline in the role as regional capital.
Temples, where the state rituals were carried out, were filled with images of the gods.
Ten single mounts for the naval version of the 37 mm AA gun was also fitted.
Textured condoms include studded and ribbed condoms which can provide extra sensations to both partners.
That basic scaffolding remains when one moves to a quantum description but some conceptual changes are needed.
That evening Napoleon and the four merchants discussed the revolution, subsequent rebellions, and their consequences.
That stretch of freeway opened to traffic on November 20, 2001.
That was the first Grand Slam won by a team playing most of the matches away from home.
The 1957 film Beginning of the End portrayed giant grasshoppers attacking Chicago.
The 1966 book The Galveston That Was helped encourage the preservation movement.
The 1998 Finals holds the highest television rating of any Finals series in history.
The 2 / 3rd Battalion embarked from Kalamata on 27 April.
The 502nd Engineer Company also conducted river patrol operations in Baghdad and Tikrit.
The Adventure Company introduced this feature to motivate players to replay the game to increase their cumulative score.
The Alabama defense allowed only 149 rushing yards, registered five sacks and two interceptions.
The Andorian brig was built specifically for this episode for scenes with Shran and Soval.
The Australian Raven is a peaceful bird, showing no aggression toward humans or other birds without reason.
The Australian raven is omnivorous, though eats more meat than smaller corvids.
The Back River Light collapsed during the storm, 127 years after it was built.
The Ballroom has five chandeliers and capacity for up to 500 people.
The British aircraft enjoyed a clear view of their target and hit the German battleship six times.
The British government agreed to release funds for a new building on the South Bank of the Thames.
The British were aware of the German plans, and sortied the Grand Fleet to meet them.
The Bulls reached 40 wins, and advanced to the playoffs for the third consecutive year.
The Crusaders under Richard the Lionheart retook Haifa in 1191.
The Dangerously In Love Tour was the debut solo concert tour by American recording artist Beyoncé.
The Doctor and Amy talk Vincent into letting them stay the night and they return to his home.
The Earl and a group of Adventurers paid for the works, in return for land grants.
The Field Marshal is married to and has a daughter with Doña Mariana Carcelén.
The First State Bank soon became a depository of federal funds and was involved in land speculation.
The Flash version was much simpler in design, and added circles onscreen as the game progressed.
The Frederick County portion of the highway later became the path of a pair of turnpikes.
The French officer however refused, insisting that he and his ship were treated as prisoners of war.
The GP courses contain small differences between them, giving more variety to the courses in the game.
The Galveston County Department of Parks and Senior Services operates the Galveston Community Center.
The Germans convinced Indian citizens that British banknotes in that country could not be redeemed for silver.
The Germans hoped that a more lenient cultural policy would lessen unrest and weaken the Polish Resistance.
The Good Terrorist is a 1985 political novel by Doris Lessing.
The Grade I listed buildings in Somerset, England, demonstrate the history and diversity of its architecture.
The Grand Prix was contested by 22 drivers, in 11 teams of two.
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange opened 30 minutes late as a result of the typhoon.
The Human Genome Project has revealed the presence of numerous viral DNA sequences scattered throughout the human genome.
The INB Performing Arts Center is often host to large traveling exhibitions, shows, and tours.
The International Symphony Orchestra plays at the Imperial Theatre for an annual season lasting from September to April.
The Irish Nationalists saw the continued power of the Lords as detrimental to securing Irish Home Rule.
The Irwin and Greenough Rivers overflowed their banks, inundating parts of Dongara.
The Japanese at Oivi, their supply and withdrawal route cut, were then forced to retreat.
The Jurchens defeated his armies a few months later and Zhang took refuge in Yanjing.
The Kongs board the submarine and battle against him in there, however he escapes once again.
The Latin Emperor of Constantinople, Robert I, died in January 1228.
The Lich then blasts out of the kingdom, leaving a wave of destruction in his path.
The London panel shows much of the clothing of two other figures from the original altarpiece.
The ML reached the open sea but was attacked at short range by the German torpedo boat Jaguar.
The Manchu name for a shamanic shrine or altar to the spirits is tangse.
The Medal of Honor is one of only two United States military awards suspended from a neck ribbon.
The Moving Picture World reviews would be favorable and without much criticism, even calling the acting convincing.
The NCAA Division I Men ’ s Lacrosse Committee selected the participating teams for the championship tournament.
The National Hurricane Center noted six hours later that the depression would likely be absorbed into Norbert.
The National Stadium, as it was known, was officially opened in 1970.
The Native Americans that lived along the Missouri had access to ample food, water, and shelter.
The Nostrovite reveals herself and is chased away by Jack, escaping through a window.
The Olympics was the elite competition for track and field, and only amateur sportsmen could compete.
The Pantheon in Rome has survived intact, illustrating classical Roman structure, proportion, and decoration.
The Parliament Act 1911 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Pennsylvania Assembly took this opportunity to request expanded power for elected officials, led by David Lloyd.
The Pictish Chronicle king lists have it that he was succeeded by his brother Bridei.
The Portuguese Navy also made extensive use of patrol boats, landing crafts, and inflatable Zodiacs.
The ROK regiment was subsequently able to hold up the North Korean advance until July 5.
The Radiant and Dire factions replaced the Sentinel and Scourge from the mod, respectively.
The Rocky Mountain Horse is a horse breed developed in the state of Kentucky in the United States.
The Roman army would have been present in the area and would certainly have used the nearby road.
The Samaritans retained the ancient Hebrew alphabet, which evolved into the modern Samaritan alphabet.
The Senate directed the magistrates, especially the consuls, in their prosecution of military conflicts.
The Skidis responded by attacking the Chaui hunters and driving them back across the Platte.
The Song also deployed incendiary weapons at the battle of Tangdao during the same year.
The Song was now on the defensive, while the Jin failed to make gains in Song territory.
The Spikkestad Line is only used by the commuter trains to Spikkestad.
The Teas Nursery business was either going to move to a new location or be liquidated.
The Tempest is the tenth studio album by American hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse.
The Town Hall was listed at Grade I on 25 October 1951.
The Union Pacific Railroad has been headquartered in Omaha since its inception in 1867.
The Villanova Wildcats were trounced by the Virginia Cavaliers, 18 – 6.
The Wii U version was released worldwide on April 24, 2014.
The World Health Organization says that spermicidally lubricated condoms should no longer be promoted.
The XeOO + cation has been identified by infrared spectroscopy in solid argon.
The accompanying music video features Brown and American R & B singer Cassie as his love interest.
The action was considered a defeat by the Admiralty and was not reported in the London Gazette.
The addition of the orange fret button forces players to move their fingers up and down the neck.
The advisories issued by the National Hurricane Center emphasized that rainfall from Jose was the primary threat.
The airline also needed larger aircraft for the charter traffic, and smaller aircraft for the domestic routes.
The album debuted in the British charts at number five, and finished the week at number four.
The altar at the back is dedicated to Saint Peter, whose sculpture presides over the altar.
The amount of water in a toilet or sink is much too small to be affected by it.
The application of the Johnson – Corey – Chaykovsky reaction in organic synthesis is diverse.
The appointment of the prime minister is also, theoretically, governed by the royal prerogative.
The area around the river mouth has been altered by human activities such as farming and livestock grazing.
The area surrounding Gardner Lake has dozens of private homes, four campgrounds and a marina.
The arrangement lasted for seven months, after which Norton asked Pohl to return as his assistant.
The attack on the Portuguese ship Niassa illustrated the role of the colonial wars in this unrest.
The authors explain how investors, entrepreneurs, and individuals can profit from technological innovation in these areas.
The band The Black Dahlia Murder released a song titled Deathmask Divine which tells the story.
The band announced via Twitter that they were entering the studio in May to record their next album.
The battles between the Song and the Jin spurred the invention and use of gunpowder weapons.
The bell towers are the work of Xalapan artist José Damián Ortiz de Castro.
The bomb detonated the magazines, causing a massive explosion that destroyed the ship with heavy casualties.
The book further states that this theory was a fundamental influence on the Gracie approach to combat.
The bosses were officially unveiled on a teaser page in the Kodansha magazine Comic BonBon.
The boy, included in the plot, lied, saying that it was much later than noon.
The brigade command is modular in design, allowing it to assume command of additional units when deployed.
The brigade was alerted for another deployment to Operation Iraqi Freedom in summer 2009.
The building is in the Tudor Gothic style and built in Ashlar stone with slate roofs.
The buyrate was higher than that of any of the following twelve Survivor Series events, however.
The camera shows shots of young women, and passes through arcades and cinemas in Leicester Square.
The ceremony is observed by Donnie Pfaster, the eerie assistant director for the funeral home.
The character was given a pair of large yellow eyes, which allowed the character to emote.
The choice of mating time is governed by many factors including climate, market requirements and feed availability.
The choir is where the priest and / or a choral group sings the psalms.
The church has two old Bibles, a Vinegar Bible and a Breeches Bible.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The church served as the traditional seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mogadiscio.
The churchyard has seven gravestones that were discovered in the walls of the previous church.
The city was especially overcrowded during this period because of the migrations caused by the Great Depression.
The class comprised three ships: Derfflinger, Lützow, and Hindenburg.
The climate of Buenos Aires is dominated by the semi – permanent South Atlantic High throughout the year.
The closing ceremony of the Paralympic Games takes place after all sporting events have concluded.
The commotion was such that the water was made muddy by it and could not clear itself.
The company did not generate much revenue at first, and Michelle worked elsewhere in management and marketing.
The company had considered the smaller Boeing 757, but did not have sufficient range.
The company resisted calls for arbitration from the Omaha City Council, and continued employing strikebreakers.
The construction of the dam devastated the populations of native fish in the river downstream from the dam.
The construction of the dam has been credited as causing the decline of this estuarine ecosystem.
The cougar prefers regions with dense underbrush, but can live with little vegetation in open areas.
The council fairly quickly decided to revert to the government as it had been under the old charter.
The couple married in a small ceremony on October 30, 2012.
The creation of the new building gave a new opportunity to commission a German opera from Meyerbeer.
The creature takes it upon himself to mediate the dispute, and takes each aside in turn.
The crew conduct repairs on the colony and train the colonists to fight off the Klingons.
The crew find that they cannot complete a transporter beam to the facility due to the instabilities.
The crews continued to film them afterward in case the series was picked up for a second season.
The current Horn and Lovett buildings were scheduled to open in August 2011.
The current Newton House was completed in 1660 under the command of Edward Rice.
The current headmaster is Nick Law, who succeeded Mike Reading in 2008.
The current station will be entirely replaced, and the number of platforms increased from two to four.
The cyclone regained tropical storm status on September 29 while it slowly progressed northward.
The cyclone would later make a clockwise loop before dissipating completely late on September 3.
The damage done by these viruses significantly aided European attempts to displace and conquer the native population.
The decline of North American wolf populations coincided with increasing human populations and the expansion of agriculture.
The defense of the common good requires that an unjust aggressor be rendered unable to cause harm.
The depictions of Mariana by Tennyson and in later works are not the same.
The depression intensified into a tropical storm while moving west, to the south of the Hawaiian Islands.
The depth of a burn is usually determined via examination, although a biopsy may also be used.
The design for Principe Amedeo was prepared by Inspector Engineer Giuseppe De Luca.
The different eras are termed mesolithic, neolithic, Bronze Age, and Iron Age.
The disaster and the failure to mount an effective rescue was clearly an embarrassment for the Royal Navy.
The discovery of much better specimens in later years revealed that the horn was actually a modified thumb.
The discovery paper was received by the journal on April 7, 2009.
The domestic version of the speaker was vertically orientated, and came factory fitted with a grille.
The dominant enterprise in the area since the 17th century had been the fur trade.
The dusky dolphin prefers cool currents and inshore waters, but can also be found offshore.
The early design provided for 14 pairs of oars with four men per oar.
The east – west spur routing is now local streets while the rest is part of state highways.
The economic influence of the Native Americans diminished and American territorial ideology increasingly sought to limit their influence.
The eighth century Monymusk Reliquary has elements of Pictish and Irish style.
The endorsement of Nixon by Senator Mark Hatfield of Oregon raised speculation that he might be chosen.
The entry and exit of large molecules from the nucleus is tightly controlled by the nuclear pore complexes.
The episode also spoofed comedian Carlos Mencia, who praised the episode after it was broadcast.
The episode earned Tina Fey the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series.
The escape might lead to the release of secrets that could embarrass Section 6 and the Ministry.
The etymology of the word Allāh has been discussed extensively by classical Arab philologists.
The exponential function is defined for all integer, fractional, real, and complex values of x.
The failure of the USACE to consistently maintain the navigation channel has also hampered the industry.
The farmer is likened to the godly man, with whom the fiend finds fault.
The federal government provided work projects, housing, camp furnishings and paid for transportation to the camps.
The female noisy miner walks around on the ground close to the nest site, picking up material.
The feral herds grew as horses escaped and were released from sheep stations and cavalry bases.
The field of artificial intelligence research was founded as an academic discipline in 1956.
The field of the stadium combines a number of elements for use in the jumping and throwing events.
The fight went the distance of six rounds and Woodhouse was given the decision over Scriven.
The film had a wide national release in the United States, but the film is presumed lost.
The film likely had a wide national release, known advertising theatres include Indiana, and Kansas.
The film was a box office hit when released in Japan and received positive reviews from film critics.
The film was awarded the Juri Prize at the 21st Digital Content Grand Prix.
The film was produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas.
The final piece of track was placed on September 30, 2004.
The final system of the year formed near the northern coast of Panama on November 17.
The final triangle reached in this path must be the Delaunay triangle that contains q.
The first American edition was listed as a best seller in The New York Times the following year.
The first and most common is nomination and approval through the chain of command of the service member.
The first buildings in Hadar were constructed at the start of the 20th century.
The first decade of the 20th century saw a new wave of skyscraper construction.
The first episode also became one of the top ten most streamed programmes on the BBC iPlayer.
The first four chapters relate autobiographical details to his experience in touring the Civil War battle sites.
The first hemmema, the Oden, was completed in 1764.
The first issue sold out within 24 hours, leading Marvel to reissue the installment.
The first match that aired was between Carlito and Shelton Benjamin for the Intercontinental Championship.
The first recorded instances of high jumping competitions were in Scotland in the 19th century.
The first time viewers hear Chloe, they — like Andy — experience her as a teenage girl.
The first to receive one was Abner Dalrymple in 1881.
The first two anime DVD volumes released by Media Blasters were also reviewed by Mania Entertainment.
The first two plays were politely received; the Chekhov production attracted rapturous notices.
The first type is brownish skeletal hyphae, which provide stability to the fruit body.
The flesh of the cap is 1 mm thick or more at the center and whitish.
The floor is covered with small marble slabs covering niches containing the remains of other people.
The floor is made of Plexiglas beneath which lies a huge dish covered in mirror paper.
The folds enclose air passages extending the narial passages to the front of the snout.
The following day, the depression intensified into a tropical storm at 0600 UTC.
The following five days were spent holding briefings and getting acquainted with the layout of the battery.
The following imagemap of the dwarf planet Ceres is divided into 15 quadrangles.
The following season, Grove was provided an opportunity to be a starting pitcher for the White Sox.
The following week, Michaels challenged Hogan to a match at SummerSlam, which Hogan accepted.
The following year, Wever was promoted to the Fort Lauderdale Yankees of the Florida State League.
The following year, he was implicated in the Epiphany Rising, but was pardoned.
The following year, she auctioned her outfits on an online portal for a philanthropic cause.
The foreground of each panel is bounded by a wall, which runs parallel to a framing door.
The fort retains its original armament; armament that is both rare in Australia and worldwide.
The fort was created to watch over the Minnesota River Valley, in addition to the larger frontier.
The fountain is composed of a black granite reflecting pool placed between a pair of glass brick towers.
The fourth and fifth pairs of gill slits are placed much closer together than the others.
The fruit bodies of this and other Hydnellum species are prized by mushroom dyers.
The fumble and touchdown turned what had been an inevitable ECU victory into a tie game.
The game also runs at 1080p and 60 frames per second.
The game is set in a private high school in Ontario, in 2027.
The game spans six levels, each lasting about five minutes, with a variety of boss battles.
The game was published there under the title Axe of Rage and included a tattoo in its packaging.
The genesis of the removal of the HNC was a power struggle within the ruling junta.
The genus Zygoballus contains approximately twenty species distributed from the United States to Argentina.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Myriostoma coliforme.
The glass is white glass, rather than the usual green glass that results from iron impurities.
The gods were generally said to be immanent in these phenomena — to be present within nature.
The government of Veracruz provided buses for people to transport from their houses to the shelters.
The group also included Phoenix Suns owner Robert Sarver and Suns vice chairman Andy Kohlberg.
The group travels to meet them in an airship piloted by Oswald Fiddlebender.
The guideline scores for people to be assessed in this classification are 9 - 15.
The haemolymph and the circulatory system are not involved in gaseous exchange.
The head is held vertically, at an angle to the body with the mouth at the bottom.
The helmsman on her bridge was killed; his replacement was wounded and replaced as well.
The highway turns south at Flynns Corner, intersecting former Highway 507.
The historical association is an incorporated body of volunteers who use the fort under licence from the Minister.
The hospital opened in 2010, following the amalgamation of several smaller facilities.
The hull was relatively undamaged and the Soviets decided to finish the ship to a modified design.
The hurricane crossed the International Dateline on September 8 and was reclassified as typhoon.
The hurricane dropped torrential rainfall over the Southeast United States, causing unprecedented devastation in the region.
The hurricane formed from a tropical wave east of the Lesser Antilles on September 21.
The hurricane weakened into a tropical storm on July 28 as it moved over cooler waters.
The idea of the covenant of grace was a much more common feature of orthodox Reformed theology.
The idol deified in the temple is of black colour and 75 cm in height.
The incident flooded the creek and its adjacent Muwekma Ohlone Park with sewage.
The infraorbital foramen, an opening in the skull, is oblong in shape.
The institution of the welfare state was by 1957 accepted by both major parties.
The joint nature of the operation added another level of complexity to the already overstretched communications network.
The jury, unfortunately, disagreed with Briggs, and convicted the man, who was hanged.
The kick was good, and made the score 31 – 14 ECU.
The lane is a restricted area in which players can stay for only a limited amount of time.
The largest of the five dams, Ryan Dam, was built in 1913.
The last formal cults, at Philae, died out in the fifth or sixth century.
The latter was established in 1905 and was also responsible to operating the track.
The leaders also had little contact with their dispersed followers, many of whom renounced their allegiance.
The level design is more diverse compared to its predecessors, which includes more complex puzzles and obstacles.
The life of the combatants are represented by gauges at the top corners of the screen.
The lock was closed and removed in 1971, with little protest being made.
The low moved slowly to the northeast and gradually weakened before dissipating on October 10.
The lower flight deck was greased to allow them to take off with a minimum of difficulty.
The lunch lady says that Lianne was a friend who covered up her pregnancy to protect her.
The machine gun role was subsumed into the support companies of individual infantry battalions.
The magnetic field of a star is generated within regions of the interior where convective circulation occurs.
The main altarpiece is Baroque, probably built in the 17th century.
The main conservation threat to the plain maskray is incidental capture by commercial bottom trawl fisheries.
The main mining areas are China, United States, Brazil, India, Sri Lanka and Australia.
The main roles of the nucleolus are to synthesize rRNA and assemble ribosomes.
The majority of eukaryotic genes are stored on a set of large, linear chromosomes.
The majority of the town survived, but the slide buried buildings on the eastern outskirts of Frank.
The males sing throughout much of the construction and even more so when a female approaches his nest.
The manuscript is dated palaeographically to the 6th century or 7th century.
The mass of spores is blackish brown, or brown if viewed under polarised light.
The massive defections of Han Chinese in northern China that the Song had expected never materialized.
The massive fleet consisted of some 370 British, American, and French warships.
The military penetration of southern Florida offered the opportunity to map a poorly understood part of the country.
The most common inclusions are glycogen, lipid droplets, crystals, and pigments.
The most distant objects exhibit larger redshifts corresponding to the Hubble flow of the Universe.
The most important commercial enterprise in the early part of the territorial era was the lucrative fur trade.
The most recent international organized protest was held October 18, 2008.
The movement was primarily religious, and its leaders included both Mandé and Fulbe marabouts.
The music video had its premier exclusively on 23 May 2007 YouTube.
The music was composed by regular series composers Motoi Sakuraba and Shinji Tamura.
The names on the list are the names who have carved their legends in the month of October...
The nasals end at the back of the squamosals in a hooked, short process.
The nave was so full that the House of Commons had to send members ahead to secure seats.
The new Form of Government was much more acceptable to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.
The new issue features remastered sound, as well as the inclusion of previously unreleased songs.
The new system officially opened on 16 August 2013 serving three lines.
The next day, a new depression formed over the southwestern Caribbean Sea near the coast of Nicaragua.
The next day, the system dissipated as a tropical cyclone well west of mainland Mexico.
The next years he spent in diplomatic negotiations in the Low Countries, Castile and Avignon.
The nightingale described within the poem experiences a type of death but does not actually die.
The nightingale is distant and mysterious, and even disappears at the end of the poem.
The nuclear envelope acts as a barrier that prevents both DNA and RNA viruses from entering the nucleus.
The number of members of the councils is defined by the councils themselves, based on applicable legislation.
The oars were also placed on a rectangular outrigger, designed to further improve the leverage.
The observations made with the sundial provided essential confirmation of the need to reform the Julian calendar.
The only role in the cast which is known is for Marie Eline as the little girl.
The only unequivocally known eastern population is the Florida panther, which is critically endangered.
The oribi is primarily a grazer, and prefers fresh grasses and browses occasionally.
The original Guitar Hero was released on the PlayStation 2 in November 2005.
The other type of framework is a social framework, which explains events and connects them to humans.
The overlap between NY 13 and NY 38 ends at the northern village line.
The pavers were rested on screw jack pedestals in order to be leveled and shimmed.
The people and animals of the Everglades served as subjects for some of her earliest writings.
The performance features Houston sitting on a chair, wearing a white outfit, and singing the song.
The physical characteristics are somewhat variable, due to the disparate breeds that created the Rocky Mountain Horse.
The platoon was ambushed en route, with 14 Home Guardsmen being captured.
The play repeatedly mocks Victorian traditions and social customs, marriage and the pursuit of love in particular.
The player can move by clicking, and can swivel the camera 360 degrees.
The player controls a motorcyclist and must try to win races on various terrain and settings.
The population cohort that belong to the Generation Next often combine nationalism with popular culture during the celebrations.
The potential redevelopment of Sembawang Hot Spring into a national park is currently being explored.
The precedent for this brutal repressive measure against Serbs had already been established by the Germans.
The principle of anekāntavāda is the foundation of many Jain philosophical concepts.
The problem was reported to have been exacerbated following the 1938 New England hurricane.
The production had an emphasis on youth and passion, which Clapton incorporated into her work.
The products of operon genes typically have related functions and are involved in the same regulatory network.
The project was intended to be a quick level expansion, but quickly surpassed its several month estimate.
The project won the 2006 Bombay Sapphire prize for its design work with glass.
The prominent archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans doubled the amount of money that went with the studentship.
The property included castles with which the Hospitallers were expected to defend Tripoli.
The race starts in Port Town, with the winners traveling in a boat to a large desert.
The reaction of the audience is based on the performance of the player judged by the Rock Meter.
The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate.
The recording of the album had been a family affair; it involved several contributions from her relatives.
The recording of the song featured in the video is the version recorded during the Smart Studios sessions.
The rectory has a sloping roof with overhanging eaves and wood cornices.
The reduction from Eu3 + to Eu2 + is induced by irradiation with energetic particles.
The regiment already had six independent companies, so the francophone unit became 7 Independent Company.
The relationship between the couple appears at times to have been almost that of a mother and child.
The release managed to survive against considerable odds, but the surviving print is not without severe faults.
The remixed versions feature both uptempo and downtempo compositions, with altered vocals from Gaga.
The remnants of Connie destroyed a few houses and boats in Ontario and killed three people in Ontario.
The reservation was established without a treaty having been established between the Mohave and the US government.
The residential areas off the adjacent side streets increase in density east of the Southfield Freeway.
The rest of it was just a shell that was there for the purpose of producing this noise.
The restoration of Charles II in 1660 effectively made this legislation a nullity.
The restoration work that followed uncovered a number of important documents and artwork that had previously been hidden.
The resulting Colorado River Compact was signed on November 24, 1922.
The river then makes a large loop to the north, where Stedham Mill was situated.
The road also has many smaller bridges over or under most of the interchanges on the road.
The road crosses into Mecosta County as 30th Avenue north of Six Lakes.
The route intersects several roads including Murphy Road, Shipley Road, and Silverside Road.
The route then crosses the Mulberry Creek and runs near it until it reaches Haddam.
The route through the strategically important Homs Gap connects the cities of Tripoli and Homs.
The rubber vulcanization process was patented by Goodyear in 1844.
The rules stated that when any man was eliminated, his tag team partner would also be eliminated.
The sagittal crest, which is on the roof of the braincase, is poorly developed.
The same month, Group Captain Eaton posted out and was replaced by Group Captain John Ryland.
The scenes featuring the Indian airport were filmed at a cruise line terminal in Long Beach, California.
The scientists fear she may mate with human males and produce offspring that could eliminate the human race.
The sculpture is modeled on Charles Atlas and depicts a dynamically posed soldier standing on a granite base.
The second run was priced at 25 cents throughout and had 112 pages.
The segments of the road between Brighton and Farmington were upgraded in 1956.
The series was created by Shu Takumi, who wrote and directed the first three games.
The series was successfully nominated in 2009, but failed to merit an award.
The series was widely and strongly attacked by the surviving players for its inaccuracy and sensationalism.
The series will follow Constantine in his early years, defending humanity against dark forces from beyond.
The set of proteins expressed in a particular cell or cell type is known as its proteome.
The ship had a wrought iron waterline armour belt that ran the full length of the ship.
The ship was commissioned on 8 August 1915, and then underwent trials.
The ships sailed from Britain in February – March and arrived in Yokohama two months later.
The shooting was done in the early summer for the nearly continuous daylight that the season afforded them.
The show also featured a small staircase and platforms on both side of the stairs for her band.
The singer was inspired to write the ballad after a water balloon fight with children in Germany.
The single earned Beyoncé credibility and paved the way for the release of Dangerously in Love.
The single reached the top five in United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and Switzerland.
The sitting and sleeping area had a folding door entrance of green painted wood under glass upper panels.
The size of the alkyl groups are the major factors in selectivity with these reagents.
The skeleton of the kakapo differs from other parrots in several features associated with flightlessness.
The sniper says that the Puppeteer is a mechanism in the Solid State and cannot be killed.
The solitaires are the size of an average turkey cock, grey and white in colour.
The solution chosen was instead to have the necessary piece made in Amsterdam and flown by KLM.
The song begins with the sounds of people dining, then introduces the strong bassline and drums.
The song is available on Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock video game as a downloadable song.
The song received a music video to coincide with the home release of Hannah Montana: The Movie.
The song was widely recorded by other artists and became a hit for Peter, Paul and Mary.
The songs also narrate how ultimately the wives have to remain in harmony and aid each other.
The soundtrack features a wide range of musical styles, including chanting, string orchestra, and percussion.
The soundtrack spans three discs and 67 tracks, covering a duration of 3 hours.
The soundtrack was released as an album on April 10 on iTunes and the PlayStation Network.
The source of the name remains unknown, but various theories have been proposed as to its origin.
The speech is followed by march past of divisions of the Indian Armed Forces and paramilitary forces.
The sport also permeated his stories, with Raffles playing for the Gentlemen of England.
The stadium was expanded in 1927 and again in 1932.
The staircase moved forward in two places; top part moved while the bottom poked out more.
The state also operates an extensive traffic operations center that utilizes the cameras to monitor Omaha traffic patterns.
The status of the dolphin is unknown, but it has been commonly caught in gill nets.
The stone, which is set in the wall, originally came from Newborough, Anglesey.
The storm caused travel delays and ran several ships aground, but otherwise inflicted little serious damage.
The storm was considered the worst to impact in the region in at least 29 years.
The storm weakened soon after, dissipating in the Sea of Japan on July 18.
The story was recited in some monasteries on Holy Thursday together with other biblical readings.
The structure is also the site of what was to become the holiday known as Juneteenth.
The subject of Mariana is a woman who continuously laments her lack of connection with society.
The submitted names are arranged into five lists, and each list is cycled with each year.
The subspecies of Canis lupus are listed in Mammal Species of the World.
The super deformed illustrations featured in Otoboku were drawn by the game illustrator Yoda.
The superior speed and handling of the Japanese ships was also credited with a role in their victory.
The surprise attack on Ancona succeeded in delaying the Italian deployment to the Alps for two weeks.
The surviving crew members return to the surface and promise to keep the discovery of Atlantis a secret.
The system traveled for several thousand miles before dissipating in the eastern Caribbean Sea in early September.
The tank fired two petards into the sanatorium, where most of the defenders were located.
The team lost both of its captains from the prior season to graduation after they completed their eligibility.
The team received help, however, when Jordan decided to return to the NBA for the Bulls.
The term power was used by the Greek mathematician Euclid for the square of a line.
The text of the treaty has not survived in Chinese records, a sign of its humiliating reputation.
The third method of gene transfer is conjugation, whereby DNA is transferred through direct cell contact.
The third week opened with a major speech in Quebec City, followed by intensive campaigning in Ontario.
The threat of the storm forced British Prime Minister Tony Blair to shorten a trip to the territory.
The three active battleships were transferred to Malta before they were to be interned in Alexandria.
The three men retreat from the bar and into the street, other patrons disappearing as they pass.
The title of the new adventure had been announced in an advertisement in the newspaper two days previously.
The title of this relief is The ship of the Church sailing the seas of Eternity.
The top of the tower is embattled and contains the bases of eight pinnacles.
The top three drivers appeared on the podium to collect their trophies and in a later press conference.
The top three graduate majors by enrollment are business administration, educational leadership, and accounting, respectively.
The towers are an integral part of the skyline that have achieved rare permanence for contemporary art.
The town had no law enforcement officers, and the local government officials had become bar keepers.
The town of Moore Haven, bordering Lake Okeechobee, was hardest hit.
The tracks were also recorded for the 1999 film 20 Años...
The troops of the 8th Indian Division entered the village to find a shambles.
The tubular bandage was invented and developed in Oldham in 1961.
The two regions were joined as one administrative region in the late 1980s.
The two seldom personally spoke with attendees, only taking phone numbers with which they could contact them.
The two singles were to be supported by an eleven track studio album but it was never released.
The two well known mosques are the Gyanvapi Mosque and the Alamgiri Mosque.
The two young chicks were entirely covered in black down typical of precocial newly hatched rails.
The types of phenomena they represented include physical places and objects as well as abstract concepts and forces.
The upgraded ride reopened to the public on March 19, 2011.
The upper scene is Mount Kailash, where Shiva and Parvati are seated.
The victory sent Bradford through to the fifth round for the first time in 18 years.
The video shoot continued into August, when Williams posted a picture of the band in the set.
The videos introduced a less demure image of Carey, one that received negative backlash from critics.
The village also suffered water losses, electricity shortage, and landline telephones were cut off.
The village complex also includes a council site and two open courts where a hoop game was played.
The virus, which only infected humans, probably descended from the poxviruses of rodents.
The volunteers arrived back in Maine in time to be discharged with the men who had earlier returned.
The wall had four access gates, one of which — the Pans Port — still exists.
The wave moved across Central America and into the northeastern Pacific Ocean, on August 29.
The westernmost of these is the Willow Run Expressway, named for the Willow Run complex.
The widening project was completed in December 1969, one year ahead of schedule.
The winter of 1922 was unseasonably wet and the region was underwater.
The winters destroyed stored crops of potatoes and other staples and the poor summers severely damaged harvests.
The wood work was also noted to be of poor quality and the houses had no waterproofing.
The word Allāh is always written without an alif to spell the ā vowel.
The writ of ne exeat regno is also used to prevent a person leaving the country.
The writers of the second film are also thinking about bringing back the Baroness in the sequel.
The young Wilhelm Busch was a tall child, but with a rather delicate and graceful physique.
The younger Henry was now Earl of Lancaster – the wealthiest and most powerful peer of the realm.
Their color is an indigo blue, becoming paler with age or staining green with damage.
Their home ground is Twickenham Stadium where they first played in 1910.
Their numbers grew rapidly and by 1888 they were being labelled skyscrapers.
Then Chihaya and Kaoruko gain the same votes of 368 together.
Then scenes of Rihanna walking on the beach and Rihanna curling up on the chair are shown.
Then, he wore a Harlequin cap, given to successful cricketers at Oxford.
There are 12 – 16 interocular scales across the top of the head.
There are also share taxis that run along some bus routes but do not have an official schedule.
There are few legal options for draftees who cannot cooperate with the military in any way.
There are many Swiss chalet and functionalist style houses in the residential area around the station.
There is a diamond interchange with Salzburg Road before the terminal interchange at US 10.
There is no evidence that Busch had a close relationship with any woman after that with Anderson.
There is no museum or visitor center there, and the site is not open to the public.
There they all obligingly bought tickets to the show and, no doubt, enjoyed it hugely.
There was nothing more they could do for the Commandos, so they headed out to sea.
There was only one tropical cyclone that moved through the Philippines in 1958.
There were a total of six deaths in the country, five of which in Puebla.
There were also five assists at Makapuʻu and one at Kailua Beach.
There were initial difficulties in determining the extent of the damage due to cut communications and disrupted transportation.
There were many reports of roof shingles being blown off roofs and of damage to gutters.
There, Wheeler visited the local kraals to compare them with the settlements of Iron Age Britain.
There, its missions will once again include construction, route clearance, and training of Iraqi engineers.
Thereafter, out of mercy, the condemned were often strangled before the flames took hold.
These are the three countries with which I have been most connected and which I will not forget.
These can be used as categories for classifying the ways in which mathematics is used in architecture.
These differences may be due to population genetics, environmental factors, or a combination of the two.
These experiments involved a range of research topics, sometimes endangering the health of the COs.
These facts indicate that some ceratopsians were the dominant herbivores in their environments.
These gates control the water level in the basin so that it is not affected by the tide.
These guns were too small to be useful against the torpedo boats before they got within torpedo range.
These infertile females lay infected eggs into new trees and thus spread the nematode.
These lands were originally set aside for Native American use by the Treaty of Fort Laramie.
These leaders maintain that it is irresponsible, promotes idolatry, and is contrary to scripture.
These little clumps of plant fibres are a distinctive sign of the presence of the bird.
These mating groups can be found in both shallow and deep water but more often gather near shore.
These methods are useful in laboratory biochemistry and cell biology, though generally not for commercial applications.
These positions had embrasures that permitted a wide range of enfilade fire on the beach.
These were the only two squadrons in the RAAF to operate Mitchells during the war.
These were typically organised by educational institutions, military organisations and sports clubs as competitions between rival establishments.
They also commented on the attending celebrities including Liszt, Chopin, Sand and Dumas.
They also faced three Eastern Division opponents: official SEC rival Tennessee, Florida, and South Carolina.
They also generate the forces exerted by contracting muscles and play essential roles in intracellular transport.
They also take a trip to the Soviet Union to offer their services, but are turned down.
They are adapted for underground life and are cylindrical in shape and covered with fine, dense hairs.
They are also used for concerts, including ones that are part of the Bath International Music Festival.
They are the only pair of men to have ever finished six consecutive calendar years at the top.
They argue that leaders attempt to control the lives of adherents by claiming divinely bestowed authority.
They become oblivious to everything else, continuing even after they fall off a surface or into water.
They briefly fell to 2nd in September that year before regaining 1st place.
They changed the format of the station to Country, becoming the main competition of KDAV.
They compete annually in the Six Nations Championship with England, France, Ireland, Italy and Scotland.
They could elevate to a maximum of 85 ° and depress to − 8 °.
They could not be sent to Ari Burnu as it was not marked on the Turkish maps.
They do not orbit the Sun alone, but as part of a population of similarly sized objects.
They got to the third round before losing to Jonas Björkman and Pat Rafter.
They had about 70 followers and saw themselves as shepherds tending a flock.
They had picked up a hitchhiker on the way, a human called Barry Waddle.
They had then held the key position against several unsuccessful counterattacks before forcing the Chinese to retire.
They have met six times in Grand Slam tournaments with Federer leading 5 – 1.
They looked upon her as a lady bountiful who was dispensing Manna from heaven.
They meet Boomer, an exiled member of the Brothers Bear, inside his Anderson shelter.
They organized multiyear expeditions but struggled to remain on good terms with the local labor force.
They performed comedy sketches throughout the morning, and often interacted with the people in the studio.
They performed primarily in Texas, and made a trip to Mexico in 1952.
They primarily pushed farther into the western frontier of the colonies, where they repeatedly confronted the Indians.
They pursued the escaped convict in increasing crowds until he led them to the theatre he was advertising.
They report to the town palisade and fend off an assault by the goblin army.
They served the newly built fashionable area which included The Circus, Queen Square and the Royal Crescent.
They state their intention to attack Kuldahar, and warn the group to not interfere.
They successfully traded with the Three Fires Confederacy, which contributed to the growth of the area.
They therefore applied only the first of the Wednesbury tests: whether the use was illegal.
They travel to K7, and scans indicate that the bomb is in the grain storage compartments.
They use cameras, camcorders and audio recorders to conduct overt surveillance of the public.
They were married in November 2014, and live in DeLand, Florida.
They were opposed to the religious policies of King Charles I and William Laud, Archbishop of Canterbury.
They were sailed to Japan by hired British crews as the IJN lacked the necessary experience.
This agreement was considered central to the England victory in the 2003 World Cup.
This allows the typesetter to distinguish sentence endings from abbreviations and to typeset them differently.
This altar was damaged by fire in January 1967 but has been completely restored.
This analysis is very similar to one published by Makovicky in 2001.
This bias has led to changes in the perception of global warming since 2000.
This brings in moist winds from the northeast, which brings most of the precipitation to the city.
This contrasts with the traditional view that their origin lies in mainland Europe with the Hallstatt culture.
This covering extends around the sides of the carapace, ending beyond the posterior median eyes.
This created a surge in the number of commissions leading to a general improvement of the artistic works.
This criticism has focused on his healing and exorcism ministries and his promise of material blessings.
This device was positioned inside the head unit; consequently, torsos and limbs appeared relatively small.
This did not, however, despite the apparent contradiction, prevent it from rejecting such bills outright.
This element is also used in paint and glass art crafts and as opacifier in enamel.
This engine was found to require flexible mounts and was modified into the Centaurus 59.
This gift attests to the good relations between the Pharaoh and the kings of Sidon.
This has led to the nativity scene, resembling a wooden stable, being closed by nights.
This included seven different engineering battalions as well as several separate group and company sized elements.
This is a different result than Lundin recalled in his 1937 memoirs.
This is conservative for our calculation since the machine would calculate out to checkmate, not resignation.
This is dated to the period from the 8th to the 6th century BCE.
This is why often a simple head nod or grunt is accepted as an appropriate response in conversation.
This material is organized as DNA molecules, along with a variety of proteins, to form chromosomes.
This may not necessarily show a direct connection or reference to the Christian faith but often it does.
This means that each generation, each human genome accumulates 1 – 2 new mutations.
This move angered many military leaders who despised Evita and her increasing powers within the government.
This occurred on the first voyage of James Cook, after which Cook explored New Zealand and Australia.
This periodical later became The Psychiatric Aide, a professional journal for mental health workers.
This publication was posted in the Roman Forum, and then sent by messengers throughout the provinces.
This raised the possibility that the species would become extinct, because there might be no surviving females.
This requires that the program know most of the same things about the world that a child does.
This results in increased leakage of fluid from the capillaries, and subsequent tissue edema.
This same amendment allowed for the issuance of silver certificates for the first time in United States history.
This section of the highway was dedicated on August 15, 2015.
This shift increased father participation in family tasks that used to primarily be the responsibility of the mother.
This standard continued in use, to some extent, into the 1990s.
This suggests that the Magdalene panel was the first to be cut from the larger work.
This technique also uses an antibody to the protein of interest, along with classical electron microscopy techniques.
This theory can be straightforwardly quantized by treating bosonic and fermionic sectors as free.
This varies by season; its influence during the day is the strongest in July than in January.
This was blamed, in part, on the dominance of theatrically trained actors and crew.
This was discovered in the earliest nuclear reactors built by the American Manhattan Project for plutonium production.
This was in order to appease the army, which had opposed a compromise with Madero.
This was the first Paralympics in which multiple categories of athletes with disabilities could compete.
This would be the first time that an alien species has been used in Britain in this way.
This would have allowed the Italian fleet to keep at least two units operational at any given time.
This would make them ideal barriers to access if sunk in the correct channel at the correct angle.
Thomas was captured and killed following the attempt to restore Richard II in the Epiphany Rising.
Though the season had no official bounds, most tropical cyclone activity occurred during August and September.
Thousands of livestock died during the storm, and thousands of acres of croplands were flooded.
Three plays netted only two yards, and ECU was forced to punt the ball away.
Three years later the last amateur element of the company was removed when the chorus became fully professional.
Throughout 2000, Carey had already been writing and recording material for Glitter.
Throughout Mexico, Ingrid killed 32 people, mostly due to flooding and mudslides.
Throughout November, extensive work was undertaken improving the camp and preparing this position with fortified emplacements.
Throughout her career, Simone assembled a collection of songs that would later become standards in her repertoire.
Throughout the day, they encountered heavy machine gun fire during their attempts to enter Ortona.
Throughout the levels are scattered large spheres and cylinders, which the player can roll when crushed appropriately.
Throughout this time, he is surrounded by women but is too weak to engage in sexual relations.
Thunderbird 1: a hypersonic rocket plane used for fast response and accident zone reconnaissance.
Thus it can be used in concentrations with oxygen that have a lower risk of hypoxia.
Ticks of the genus Ixodes can infect wolves with Lyme disease and Rocky Mountain spotted fever.
Tijori received his college education from Narsee Monjee College in his hometown Mumbai.
Tina Fey and Tracy Morgan have both been part of the main cast of Saturday Night Live.
To avoid a potentially disastrous drop in morale, Mark Antony orders Vorenus to retrieve it.
To become an Elder, a candidate must gain at least 75 % of the votes.
To prepare for the new album, Townsend stopped taking the medication prescribed to treat his bipolar disorder.
To promote the album, the band participated in three headlining tours and several other supporting tours.
To that end, the Mediterranean Expeditionary Force was formed under the command of General Ian Hamilton.
To the Puritans, these seemed to be a step in the direction of Catholicism.
To the right of the processional Roman staircase stands a cubic altar, also of Roman construction.
Tobacco smoking is the most important single source of cadmium exposure in the general population.
Today the rooms are owned by the National Trust and operated by Bath and North East Somerset Council.
Today the tower has paintings by Cristoforo Roncalli and Matteino da Siena.
Today, it is still used for working cattle, as well as endurance riding and pleasure riding.
Toho Studios provided soundstages, personnel, and the female Japanese stars to the producers.
Tom Kessenich, in his book Examinations, was extremely critical of the episode.
Tong Guan retreated from Taiyuan and left command of his troops to Wang Bing.
Topological sorting is the algorithmic problem of finding a topological ordering of a given DAG.
Torres is a Spanish international and made his debut against Portugal in 2003.
TouchTone was released on March 19, 2015 for iOS.
Towers were common, making best use of the relatively small plots of land in New York.
Townsend also started a crowdfunding campaign through PledgeMusic to support the release of the album.
Townsend performed guitar, vocals, and production, as he did in Strapping Young Lad.
Tracking generally northward, the depression dissipated early on September 10 without affecting land.
Tracking rapidly towards the west, the depression dissipated on September 11 over open waters.
Treatments principally containing antimony are known as antimonials and are used as emetics.
Trees, tree limbs, and power lines were downed, causing damage to property and vehicles.
Trevor runs home after hearing the squeaking wheels and goes outside after encountering his mother.
Triggers for dispersal include the onset of sexual maturity and competition within the pack for food.
Tropical cyclogenesis briefly halted until an unnamed tropical storm formed on October 10.
Trying to get away, Pryce began to fight Carty, as Carty stopped him.
Turner executed a scoring drive and completed four of six passes, but also threw two interceptions.
Turner later received the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress for her role in the film.
Turner promoted the album by performing on TV shows in Germany and Switzerland in December that year.
Twelve clubs kicked off the first season of League football in September 1888.
Twenty models were hired for the shooting of the scenes where they are levitating from their beds.
Twice, Nash was named the NBA Most Valuable Player while playing for the Phoenix Suns.
Two blazes of white colour run back on the body from the dorsal fin to the tail.
Two further sectors grouped the defence forces along the central and southern sections of the Canal; No.
Two hours later, he had penned the verses and the hook in spite of being hung over.
Two more bodies are found exhumed, with their hair cut and fingernails removed.
Two more issues are addressed in the Sunday Herald article, but not in the Daily Mail article.
Two of the most famous uses of the mushroom are in the video game series Super Mario Bros.
Two older women then recognize Ron as jazz saxophonist Duke Silver, but he denies it.
Two years later, restaurant carriages were put in regular service on the Østfold Line.
Typically, the young man unknowingly marries the fox, who proves a devoted wife.
Under Ibrahima Sori slaves were sold to obtain munitions needed for the wars.
Underground peat fires burned roots of trees and plants without burning the plants in some places.
Until 1927, the exact shades of the national colors were not legally specified.
Upon hearing the draft announcement, Suns fans booed in disapproval of the relatively unknown player.
Upon its release in 1987, the film was generally well received by critics.
Upon learning that the Key is a fake, the Brutes on Mars behead Ackerson.
Upon leaving school, he worked for his father in the produce store, also taking temporary jobs.
Vandernoot gave Tessa such vitality and charm that her death left me reeling.
Variations can be considerable, with the north tending to be drier than the south.
Verpa bohemica is a species of fungus in the family Morchellaceae.
Very little is known about lawrencium, and none of its physical properties have been confirmed.
Video footage thus collected is constantly replayed on TV screens in rooms where officers complete their paperwork.
Video of the event confirmed that Stockwell had not been set when the starter pulled the trigger.
Vincent is stunned at the display and becomes emotionally overwhelmed when he overhears art curator Dr.
Vincent opens up when he notices Amy, sensing a loss she herself is not aware of.
Vistara was the first airline in India to introduce Premium Economy class in the domestic market.
Visual illustration can be seen in the illumination of charters and occasional survivals of church paintings.
Vitruvius named three qualities required of architecture in his De architectura, c.
Vollmer tried to write a short story in an attempt to take a break from games.
Wales first won it in 1893, when they achieved a Triple Crown.
Wales have contested every Rugby World Cup since the inaugural tournament in 1987.
Wanyan Liang began the invasion in 1161 without formally declaring war.
Wanyan Liang did not allow dissent, and opposition to the war was severely punished.
War came to the Kitkehahkis on the Republican in 1798.
Wario World was first shown at E3 2002 as a technical demo.
Warren was elected on 15 December 2004 to the Island Council.
Waters from the dam were released on February 2 to prevent the dam from exceeding capacity.
Waxy Pope was a leading sire in Ireland and Blucher was a marginally successful sire.
Waxy won the Jockey Club Plate at the Second Spring meeting at Newmarket in May.
We used to get on very well, and he would listen to the instructions I gave him.
We were really getting into things like PJ Harvey and Muse – things with a bit more energy.
Weir led an active retirement, contributing to several religious, charitable and welfare organisations and activities.
Weizenbaum was disturbed that Colby saw his mindless program as a serious therapeutic tool.
Welsh Quakers, Baptists and Methodists settled in the Welsh Tract of Pennsylvania.
Westmoreland also put American marines based at Subic Bay in the Philippines on notice.
What I admired so much about Lewis Gilbert was that he just took the screenplay and shot it.
Wheeler had also continued his work with museums, campaigning for greater state funding for them.
When Blackbird learned of this, he ordered an attack on the Kitkehahkis.
When Britain entered the war against Germany, he volunteered, and was commissioned into the Essex Regiment.
When an individual block had cured and had stopped contracting, the pipes were filled with grout.
When he returned to the track, he was behind Vettel, but on fresher tyres.
When his finances collapsed, his creditors sought to take his land holdings and Charlestown farm.
When homeowners demanded the Army Corps of Engineers drain their neighborhoods, she was the only opposing voice.
When she is 14 years old, Callie experiences a second birth to become Cal.
When the Bearded Man appears, Fassl begs for the man not to hurt her.
When the Duke of York became King James II of England, New York became a royal province.
When the hunter arrives on the scene, he shoots the cat from the tree at close range.
When the outer walls were built in the 13th century the main entrance was enhanced.
When the poet sees the figures, he wants to know their names and laments his ignorance.
When they eventually run out of hydrogen, they contract into a white dwarf and decline in temperature.
When they make contact with the facility, a woman requests help to save her husband, Dr.
When used in chronic disease, medication may delay or prevent the development of end – stage symptoms.
Whereas the first part is about hermaphrodites, the second is about Greeks.
While Abby approached the border of Guatemala and Mexico, it had weakened further to a tropical depression.
While Fain is unharmed, Fassl learns that the housekeeper, Mrs.
While Finn distracts her, the Ice King uses his ice powers to freeze Bubblegum.
While Hamilton apologised to the team after the incident, he refused to accept blame for it.
While he longs, he fears they are out of reach and therefore tries to reject them.
While he spent six months in jail for passing a bad check, she remained faithful to him.
While superficial burns are typically red in color, severe burns may be pink, white or black.
While the behaviours of nursery groups vary by month, resting is the predominant behaviour during most months.
While the first series was not as popular as its predecessor, the second series was more successful.
While the majority of births are relatively normal and do not require intervention, many complications may arise.
While working on this contract, Michelle and Tucker started a second company called Integrated Logistical Support.
Wilhelm died of heart failure in a Sarasota nursing home in 2002.
Will gives John the key to his apartment so he had stay there while Will goes on vacation.
Windmills may have assisted the spread of the species in North Queensland and the Northern Territory.
Winds on Martinique were also at least tropical storm force during the passage of Hurricane Abby.
Wise drew further inspiration for the format from filmmakers David Lean and Akira Kurosawa.
With Groza, the Browns could attempt field goals at a range many other teams could not.
With Senator Kennedy at the time of his death were his wife Ethel, his sisters Mrs.
With his trainer, he worked out three times a week, boxing and doing circuits and weights.
With little guidance on water allocation from the Supreme Court, proponents of the dam feared endless litigation.
With the 1960s came the expansion of higher education in Galveston.
With the crevice still a fair distance away, the traveler falls and collapses in the snow.
With the exception of Thunderbird 5, each vehicle was built in three or four scales.
With the police having no leads, costumed vigilante Rorschach decides to probe further.
With this goal, Torres became the first player to score in seven different competitions in one season.
Within a few days the patients were seen gathering around the unarmed attendant telling him of their troubles.
Without them, the Reapers are sterilising the wound in time by consuming everyone within it.
Wohlwend studied graphic design at Iowa State University and graduated in 2008.
Wolves appear capable of escaping competitive exclusion from tigers only when human persecution decreases tiger numbers.
Wolves eat the brown bears they kill, while brown bears seem to only eat young wolves.
Wolves may display unusually bold behavior when attacking dogs accompanied by people, sometimes ignoring nearby humans.
Wonderland was released for the Christmas market, and was labelled as a potential Christmas number one.
Wood argued that police had harassed him and infringed his right to privacy by photographing him.
Wood stated that she intended the film to be the last one in which she played a teenager.
Worn statuettes of three nymphs stand in the niches of a Roman fountain.
Xenogears contributor Tomohiko Kira played guitar on the beginning and ending themes.
Xenon is used in flash lamps and arc lamps, and as a general anesthetic.
Xenon was first used for satellite ion engines during the 1970s.
Xin Fengxia and Wu Zuguang were both denounced at the beginning of the period.
Yes, frankly, I was a bit worried how the family audience would react to those scenes.
You can ’ t reach a broad public if you are agnostic on the question of Israel.
You take positives, a clean sheet, but we can be better and we will be better.
Young are naked at hatching, and develop a cover of down within two to three days.
Young, rapidly rotating stars tend to have high levels of surface activity because of their magnetic field.
Your timetable and reference for your normal routines and the way you view life, all this changes.
Zhou has appeared in various forms of media such as novels, comic books, and movies.
Zhou is born in Shaanxi and trains in the martial arts from a young age.
Zhou kindly protests the gift at first, but allows Yue to keep it out of friendship.
Zoe Williams also reviewed the restaurant shortly after it arrived in London, for The Daily Telegraph.
