A 2007 outbreak in 103 Venezuelan school children was attributed to contaminated guava juice.
A 90 ° turn in Missaukee County was removed north of Lake City in 1972.
A Colonial Assembly convened in October 1683, making New York the last colony to have an assembly.
A Perfect Circle covered the song for the album eMOTIVe, released in 2004.
A Presbyterian congregation was organized in 1870, and a church built in 1872.
A Queens native and former trombonist, Philpot met LL at a block party and they began performing together.
A bachelor, he had divested much of his estate to relatives during his last years, and died intestate.
A big town surrounded by four towers, it had houses several storeys high and large palaces in its center.
A ceremony to mark the start of the construction works was held on 21 June 1831.
A combined naval force from Venice, Genoa, Pisa and Geoffrey II of Achaea broke through the blockade.
A competition was held to find a design for the bridge with a prize of 100 guineas.
A cover performed by Emeli Sandé was also used by the BBC for a closing montage that ended its coverage.
A distinguishing feature of the Sclerodermatineae is the diversity of morphologies within the group.
A few hours later, another twister in the area resulted in the destruction of six houses and extensive lesser damage.
A flying corn crake can resemble a gamebird, but its chestnut wing pattern and dangling legs are diagnostic.
A freeway running north of Novi to the Davisburg area was included in the original Interstate Highway plans for Michigan.
A memorial to the 4th Armoured Brigade was dedicated at Caboolture in 1993.
A modern analysis of the battlefield has shown that it was a minor battle, although the victory did boost Song morale.
A new feature in the game, where the drummer can access a mode called Expert +, has also been added.
A nude child blows bubbles, which another nude on the prow of the ship, representing Youth, reaches to catch.
A number of characters from past Crash Bandicoot games return in Crash Boom Bang!, though only eight are playable.
A number of other players, while maintaining a united front in public, also deplored bodyline in private.
A number of these women, such as Marita Koch, broke world records and were highly successful at international competitions.
A party of 40 senior German officers and civilians who were on a tour of Campbeltown were killed.
A pass could be used to save energy and avoid taking a jump that would not improve their position in the standings.
A passage in the Sibylline Oracles is interpreted by Hartmann as an indication of the second invasion.
A project in 1981 furthered the 1972 realignment in Missaukee County.
A second meeting was held in Manchester on 17 April, and details concerning the new competition were finalised.
A short bypass of Six Lakes added about a mile to the length of the roadway in 1936.
A single episode release followed in the United States and Canada on July 10, 2001.
A small batch of 170 vehicles were supplied to Britain, which used them in armored car regiments.
A smooth whitish mycelial layer covers the fruit body, and may be partially encrusted with debris.
A sphere was matched via motion control as a marker for a prosthetic beating heart that was crafted and filmed separately.
A tropical wave moved across the northeast Pacific Ocean and formed a tropical depression south of Mexico on October 16.
A variety of fish are found in the park, including northern pike, largemouth bass, and yellow perch.
A year later, the Treaty of Fond du Lac was signed at a meeting at the western edge of Lake Superior.
AML accounts for about 90 % of all acute leukemias in adults, but is rare in children.
About 3 million units of Guitar Hero II have sold on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360.
Absorption of nutrients takes place in the ileum and any undigested residue is passed on to the colon.
According to Ftáčnik, 17.f4 Neg4 18.Rf1 is better.
According to Jains, the ultimate principle should always be logical and no principle can be devoid of logic or reason.
According to Somerset Maugham, Walpole made a sexual proposition to James, who was too inhibited to respond.
According to historian Moshe Sharon, the new Haifa was established by Zahir in 1769.
According to local tradition these stout walls and the narrow entrances to the yards were for defence against marauding Scots.
According to statistics from the USGS, current global reserves of antimony will be depleted in 13 years.
According to the Church, humans are sexual beings whose sexual identity should be accepted in the unity of body and soul.
Activating Star Power will double the scoring multiplier and makes it easier to increase the Rock Meter by playing correct notes.
Activision has also stated that they are considering a monthly subscription service to deliver downloadable content to user for future games.
Actors were likewise regarded with suspicion, as their performances provided an opportunity for satire at the expense of the government.
Additionally, Ernest met with his nephew at Thebes, most likely attempting to discourage him from the match in person.
Additionally, piano sheet music from Kingdom Hearts and Kingdom Hearts II has been published as music books by Yamaha Music Media.
Additionally, water inundation washed out several bridges and highways in northeastern parts of the state, leaving roads impassable.
Adverse conditions caused the Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 1 to close for two hours, stranding hundreds.
Advice on sexual practices and drug use – which were once taboo – is sponsored by many governments and their healthcare providers.
Aerith is seen praying with both hands interlocked whilst urging the lifestream to ultimately defend the planet.
After Arbeideren had gone defunct, the name was used by the Communist Party for other newspapers elsewhere.
After France signed a treaty with a number of tribes to allow trade in the area, French settlements began to appear.
After Jennings dropped out of the race, Floyd was selected for the position and became an important political ally to Jennings.
After López struggled to begin his professional career, throwing over the top, he decided he needed to change his style.
After Paulinus explains the tenets of Christianity, the king asks his counselors what they think of the new doctrine.
After a year in court, their divorce was made final on March 29, 1978.
After about 30 minutes, Kennedy was transferred several blocks to the Hospital of the Good Samaritan for surgery.
After arriving in Mexico in March 1908, the fleet spent three weeks conducting gunnery practice.
After being produced in the nucleolus, ribosomes are exported to the cytoplasm where they translate mRNA.
After completion on 15 May 1940, she went to Taranto to join the fleet.
After executing a counterclockwise loop, the storm made landfall in Freeport again on September 5.
After exhausting the hydrogen at the core these stars become supergiants and go on to fuse elements heavier than helium.
After flooding occurred further south in South Africa, waters were released from the Pongolapoort Dam without warning.
After graduating from McMaster, Innis felt that his Christian principles compelled him to enlist in the Canadian Expeditionary Force.
After he died in England, his body was offered to Johns Hopkins University for study, though the offer was declined.
After her rescue, she exhibits superhuman characteristics such as jumping ten feet and materializing in different places without walking.
After his release, he published the play from exile in Paris, but he wrote no further comic or dramatic work.
After many potential titles, Magadheera was considered and finalised in early February 2009.
After passing Nogies Creek, the highway descends a hill and encounters the Canadian Shield for the first time.
After receiving her early education in Bahrain, she pursued a degree in mass communication from the University of Sydney in Australia.
After returning from military service in 1919, Pennock became a regular contributor for the Red Sox.
After searching shops selling retro furniture, the production team found a single chair that matched those seen in the original episode.
After the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, she went on numerous humanitarian trips to Aceh.
After the 2013 season, Nathan left the Rangers via free agency to sign with the Detroit Tigers.
After the creature dies, the three return outside the church and Vincent describes the night sky as he envisions it.
After the decline of the Hoysala empire, the Vijayanagara empire kings further supported writers in both languages.
After the graduation ceremony, her aunt informed her it had metastasized, and within months her mother was dead.
After the original music video directed by Jonathan Desbiens was cancelled, a second visual was directed by Sophia Peer.
After the preceding Devonshire class, the Royal Navy rethought how it planned to use its armoured cruisers.
After the team celebrates their apparent victory, she stalks them in their hotel, and they do not recognize her.
After this brief exchange, West turned off his tape recorder and followed Kennedy and his entourage to the kitchen pantry.
After travelling to the Himalaya the first time, the Workmans became entranced with climbing and mountaineering.
After winning five gold medals at the 2002 Games she retired at the age of 58.
Afterward Ingrid reached peak winds, shear increased and began to weaken the hurricane as it approached the Mexican coast.
Afterwards, he became a teacher in Fishkill, New York, Maryland, and Litchfield, Connecticut.
Against this possibility is the fact that a single bacterium can contain hundreds of copies of a single plasmid.
Alexander began his usual meticulous preparations, interrogating the author on each line and planning stage movements with a toy theatre.
Alice fell in love with him, only to become frustrated later by his aloofness and bourgeoning homosexuality.
All concessions ended on 31 March 1961, and the ministry extended them all one year.
All of the male Simpson family members that showed up were voiced by Dan Castellaneta, the voice of Homer.
All other teams except for Sauber also made changes to their cars, with the Swiss team continuing their financial struggles.
All the surviving crosses are of stone, but there are indications that large numbers of wooden crosses may also have existed.
All these works were created in the 17th century by Baltasar de Echave y Rioja.
Almost invariably, they exploit its phosphorescence, either in the + 2 or + 3 oxidation state.
Along the American Pacific coast, three people drowned amid high waves, two in Baja California and one in California.
Along with the aircraft came a new simulator, and the simulator division was moved from Sola to Fornebu.
Also <formula> is defined to be the identity matrix, and if A is invertible, then <formula>.
Also seen is a plantain with three leaves already open and one opening, as well as a sunflower blossom.
Also, film critics and reviewers of the era would balance the negativity of even the worst films with some favorable aspects.
Also, reports of Allosaurus in Shanxi, China go back to at least 1982.
Alternative Press reported that Jonathan Desbiens, also known as Jodeb, was commissioned to direct the video.
Alternative splicing mechanisms can result in mature transcripts from the same gene having different sequences and thus coding for different proteins.
Although a devout Congregationalist, he is buried in the grounds of a Church of England church, St.
Although a gifted engineer Brindley had no formal education and rarely, if ever, committed his designs to paper.
Although cadmium usually has an oxidation state of + 2, it also exists in the + 1 state.
Although cases of influenza occurred every winter, there were only two other pandemics in the 20th century.
Although flock size is highly variable, huge, noisy flocks - murmurations - may form near roosts.
Although he has testimonials from his neighbor and others, several of his students indicate that he has greatly exaggerated their cases.
Although it is not fully understood how it came to his attention, Rochdale Town Hall was admired by Adolf Hitler.
Although military action was suspended after their departure, the crusaders restored fortifications at Caesarea and Atlit.
Although more active than the 1972 season, 1973 brought few storms of note.
Although she was best known for her autobiographies, she was primarily known as a poet rather than an autobiographer.
Although some of these limits would be conquered in later decades, others still stymie the field to this day.
Although the coup was a political success for Khánh, it was not enough to stabilize his leadership in the long run.
Although there were no human casualties, cattle and deer were drowned and standing water was left in suburban areas for months.
Although, some manuscripts written completely in Asomtavruli can be found until the 11th century.
Amir refuses, even after Omi hires him to drive her around the city in an attempt to convince him.
Among Solar System bodies, Ceres is intermediate in size between the smaller Vesta and the larger Tethys.
Among the awards were three Clios, two Golden Sharks, and the Special Jury Prize at the Imagina Awards.
An additional painting, attributed to Bartolomé Esteban Murillo, hangs in the Sacristy.
An amateur throughout his sporting career, he worked professionally as an architect and would often miss matches due to work commitments.
An analogous riff can also be heard in the DJ Cahill Remix of the Agnes song I Need You Now.
An argument against herding is that juvenile remains are very uncommon at this site, unlike modern cases with herd mortality.
An argument by Freeman Dyson shows that the radius of convergence of the perturbation series in QED is zero.
An epitaph to him in verse survives, and may have been placed over his tomb, which was at Canterbury.
An international version of the album, containing two remixes, was released exclusively in United States, Spain and Colombia.
And then we did a lighting effect on the inside and then the rest of the explosion was handled by visual effects.
Anekāntavāda is one of the three Jain doctrines of relativity used for logic and reasoning.
Anne Bradstreet died in 1672; the couple had eight children, of whom seven survived infancy.
Another cause for this controversy was that Midge did not initially have a wedding ring, but this was later fixed.
Another collaborative website focused on the documentary was formed at Wikia, located at wikidocumentary.wikia.com.
Another debate was held on October 7; like the first one, polls afterward suggested that Obama had won it.
Another milestone in the development of GA was the 1964 introduction of the Learjet 23.
Another new difficulty only for drums was added to Metallica known as Expert +, which uses the double bass pedal.
Another noticeable difference in the storyline takes place when Zhou travels with his teenage disciples to visit his friend the Abbot.
Another remedy that has been successfully applied is use of the parasitic nematode Steinernema scapterisci.
Another suggested means of retaliation was Laurie Nash, whose notoriously abrasive personality and aggression saw him regarded as a thug.
Another use for the gold dollar was as a holiday gift; after its abolition the quarter eagle became a popular present.
Anthesis takes place over two weeks, as the individual flowers open in a wave across the inflorescence.
Any book that can make a reader actively want to visit Detroit must have one honey of a tiger in its tank.
Apart from stimulating the development of urban areas, temples and religious buildings featured a number of unique aesthetic and structural features.
Approximately 100 people lived in the path of destruction, located between the CPR tracks and the river.
Archaeologists have found several large triangular platforms around the sides of the fort, lower down on the hillside.
Architectural knowledge had been passed down orally for thousands of years, usually from craftsman fathers to their sons.
Aretusa spent most of her career in the main Italian fleet, where she was primarily occupied with training exercises.
Artists including David Byrne have covered the song, and it has been used in various television shows and other media.
As Scully speaks to Mulder on her cellphone while driving her car, a woman appears on a crosswalk.
As Verstappen crossed the finish line, he became the youngest ever and first Dutch race winner in Formula One.
As a consequence, it was limited to firing its attitude control thrusters and visiting spacecraft had to perform orbital adjustments.
As a result, Nathan was named the American League Player of the Week for the week of June 27.
As a result, a mobile translation program to translate between English and Haitian Creole had to be written quickly.
As a result, the city has what are termed the Montgomery Ward height restrictions on buildings and structures in Grant Park.
As a result, the production Uttam Singh S / O Suryanarayana was temporarily shelved.
As a result, unlike Ro, Kira retains her religious beliefs and does not typically show any ongoing emotional trauma.
As a teacher in Maryland, his stance on slavery, as well as black people as a whole, was revealed.
As chair, McCain has tried to maintain a bipartisan approach and has forged a good relationship with ranking member Jack Reed.
As he reflects on the past, the General often thinks and dreams about his former friend Francisco de Paula Santander.
As members die, their shares devolve to the other participants, and so the value of each annuity increases.
As mentioned above, most condoms are made of latex, but polyurethane and lambskin condoms also exist.
As of 2011, many of the fixtures in the station are unchanged from the time of filming.
As part of this redevelopment program, construction of the Cahora Bassa Dam began in 1969.
As soon as the water was drained and oxygen mixed with the soil, the bacteria began to break down the soil.
As the 30th anniversary of Star Trek was approaching, a number of plans were being put into place.
As the 6th Battalion moved forward they were engaged by Turkish small arms and artillery fire, causing heavy casualties.
As the Cold War grew hotter after 1947, Innis grew increasingly hostile to the United States.
As the chorus begins, Roberts is shown in the kitchen of the house, along with several women dancing with her.
As the happy couples embrace — Jack and Gwendolen, Algernon and Cecily, and even Dr.
As the most humorous episode of the series it was deliberately scheduled alongside a series of darker episodes to provide a contrast.
As the second Jin army approached the capital, Emperor Huizong of the Song abdicated and fled south.
As with all species where females mate with multiple partners, male dusky dolphins have large testicles for sperm competition.
As with any predator at or near the top of its food chain, the cougar impacts the population of prey species.
Asiaceratops and Turanoceratops are each considered nomina dubia and not included.
Aside from the Israeli market, Storms have long been exported to countries in South America, Asia, and Africa.
Aside from the segment through Lewiston, the highway is surrounded by farmland for its entire journey across northern Utah.
Aspects of characters such as their current experience level, equipment and money levels, party organization, and assigned abilities.
At 06: 00, a further 119 men surrendered to the infantry in No.
At 11 pm, the alcade responded that the town would remain neutral, neither surrendering nor fighting.
At Case, he led a group that was the first to detect neutrinos created in the atmosphere by cosmic rays.
At close range it can be seen that the latter has longer throat feathers, a fact particularly noticeable when it sings.
At first she established an apartment and studio for Busch in her villa, later providing him with an apartment nearby.
At its peak in 1954, DuMont was affiliated with around 200 television stations.
At risk of being cut off and with ammunition running low, Meiklejohn ordered the southern section to retreat.
At that time, Kamalakannan was in Iran finalising the CG stadium and City with Adili.
At the Meenakshi Amman Temple, women worship the Kalyanasundara sculpture to find husbands.
At the end of 2010, Australia had returned to their original position of 10th.
At the end of March 2010, IGN named Perfect Dark Xbox Live Arcade Game of the Month.
At the end of the year, he would suffer a back injury that would prove to be recurring throughout his career.
At the hospital, Keith hesitates when O ’ Dell asks him what he would do if Veronica were in danger.
At the time nothing was known about viruses or the immune system, and no one knew how the procedure afforded protection.
At the time of its release in 1989, reviewers were excited to have a portable Mario game.
At the time rinderpest was a devastating disease with a mortality rate of 80 – 90 %.
At the time, Grove became the second member of the White Sox to win nine consecutive decisions to start a season.
At the time, he was considering Miami, Michigan, Florida, Virginia Tech, Tennessee, LSU and Ohio State.
Atlanta was floated off, repaired, and rearmed, serving in the Union Navy for the rest of the war.
Attempts to flank Le Hamel were made difficult by the surrounding machine gun placements, mines, and barbed wire.
August attempts to stop him, but Donald shoots him several times, before Peter and Olivia arrive to kill the assassin.
Australian graziers, too, do not receive the financial support that governments in other countries provide to sheep breeders.
Azar shares her knowledge of Buddhism, the concept of the collective unconscious, and the idea of personal auras.
BKI was fired as consultant on the project by MDOT on September 9, 1982.
Bacteria were also involved in the second great evolutionary divergence, that of the archaea and eukaryotes.
Balch and Taylor state that Applewhite and Nettles eschewed pressure tactics, seeking only devoted followers.
Baltimore spent the last two years of his life constantly lobbying for his new charter, though the obstacles proved difficult.
Bans of texting while driving were passed in Bellaire and West University Place, Texas within hours of one another.
Basic indoor venues may be adapted gymnasiums, which can easily accommodate high jump competitions and short track events.
Batou is sent to intercept the Siak operative and encounters Kusanagi, who is conducting her own investigation.
Because of its wide range, common occurrence, and tolerance of habitat degradation, it is not considered to be threatened.
Because of their large, heavy body size, the adults have no trouble eating prey as large as fully grown rabbits.
Because of these efforts the Sydney Paralympics reached a global audience estimated at 300 million people.
Because of this, it rarely manages to capture hidden hares or birds, though it can easily follow fresh tracks.
Because the storm was a Category 4 hurricane at landfall, Carla produced strong winds, especially near its path.
Before he marched on the castle the Sultan captured the smaller castles in the area, including Chastel Blanc.
Before the 1840s these free persons could often expect to be treated equal to other racial groups.
Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes are extremely unreliable.
Before tickets went on sale in the US, venues were switched from large arenas to smaller, more intimate theater shows.
Beginning in the early 2000s, Hakim became an activist, with a focus on education.
Bell represented the Lancashire Second XI on three occasions in 1905 and 1906.
Bendis suggested that the series might be delayed unexpectedly due to the close cooperation between Marvel and Bungie.
Bent entrances were a Byzantine innovation, but that at Krak des Chevaliers was a particularly complex example.
Berkley ’ s college and personal life was interrupted in 1942 when he joined the army.
Besides being one of the leading merchants in town, his father also served the government as district magistrate of Hilo.
Besides these activities, Hugh was active in his diocese, including supervising the various monastic houses within it.
Between 1964 and 1969, Ike & Tina signed with more than ten labels.
Between fires they built forest trails, cared for nursery stock, planted thousands of seedlings and engaged in pest control.
Beyoncé wrote the song with Rich Harrison, Jay Z, and Eugene Record, and produced it with Harrison.
Beyond this intersection, the state highway reduces to two lanes, curves to the northwest, and crosses Paper Mill Pond.
Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein greatly enjoyed the episode and thought of it as a great final episode that they ran.
Bird One closes in on the American space capsule, and US forces prepare to launch a nuclear attack on the USSR.
Bob Thomas was a trained technical illustrator for the Ministry of Defence and had experience with designing interiors for the Royal Navy.
Boise ended its regular season 10 – 2 overall and 7 – 1 in conference play.
Boogie Nights and Magnolia were noted for their large ensemble casts, which Anderson returned to in Inherent Vice.
Both Hjerkinn and Fokkstua were considered, but these areas were served by other operators.
Both Mariana and Oriana have characters that experience a mental imprisonment, which are revealed in the poetic refrains.
Both Swordfish squadrons disembarked afterwards to make room as she prepared to resume her role as an aircraft transport.
Both birds build the nest, with the female taking over the lining of the nest while the male brings her material.
Both members of the team must pass the written test and the audition interview successfully in order to be considered for selection.
Both of his sons attended Loyola Academy, a private Roman Catholic high school located in Wilmette, Illinois.
Boxleiter and Wohlwend worked long hours when making the Flash games, which they found exciting and unsustainable.
Braathens SAFE had then moved its operative base from Gardermoen to Oslo Airport, Fornebu.
Braathens SAFE stated that they wanted a local airline to do the flying, and chose not to apply.
Braathens bought six Herons, in addition to one that was leased during 1954.
Bradstreet approved the expeditions of Sir William Phips in 1690 against Acadia and Quebec.
Brenda tracked northward, hugging the Georgia and South Carolina coasts before moving inland over North Carolina.
British Prime Minister Winston Churchill further complicated matters when he ordered that bombing should only take place if targets were clearly identified.
Broadoak School, the only secondary school in the town, is used by Trafford College to provide further education.
Broward was elected to the Senate in 1910, but died before he could take office.
Brown, a writer and painter, was born with cerebral palsy and was only able to control his left foot.
But I just want you to know, sir, how sorry I am that this is our last night of life.
But all this nasty lubricity is delivered deadpan, a device that deconstructs the whole intention of porn.
But he failed to ensure the fighting qualities of these soldiers earned them a proportionate share of recognition and honours.
By 07: 50, both companies had control of the lateral highway leading to Casa Berardi.
By 1859, after seventeen years of childlessness, Ernest took no further interest in his wife.
By 1876 these problems had been resolved, providing a solution for servicing the early skyscrapers.
By 1880, black jerseys with a red lion embroidered on the chest were introduced by William McGregor.
By 1901 the fort was manned on a caretaker basis only and no permanent forces were stationed.
By 1913, repointing the walls and additional waterproofing of the wall tops were completed.
By 1934 the Amalgamated Association of Street and Electric Railway Employees was organized in Omaha.
By 2002, Cantrell had finished work on his second solo album, Degradation Trip.
By August 4, Connie began to rapidly strengthen, becoming the first major hurricane of the season later that day.
By October 15, Omar began to quickly intensify as deep convection developed around the center of circulation.
By October 2, the remnants of Dean had dissipated just offshore of the East Coast of the United States.
By late September, Minor was clearly third on the depth chart and it seemed that Brown might be redshirted.
By mid morning, San Leonardo had been cleared of German defenders, although strong positions still existed outside of the town.
By no grasp can it be so tightly compressed by a strong hand that it will not slip from under the fingers.
By that time, Nangka was slowing and nearly stationary as the subtropical ridge receded to the east.
By the 1920s, wolf extermination remained a priority in the NWP and Awadh.
By the end of 1963, Dylan felt both manipulated and constrained by the folk and protest movements.
By the end of their commerce, the party had purchased six bushels of corn and two hundred pounds of flour.
By the following century, the idea of the stars being the same as the Sun was reaching a consensus among astronomers.
By the late 1860s Saint Anthony had become a popular summer resort for wealthy southerners.
By the time Minnesota had achieved statehood, however, blacks had been disenfranchised and schools were segregated.
By the time of its cancellation, Thunderbirds had become widely popular in the UK and was being distributed extensively overseas.
By this time at war with all her neighbours, France had nowhere to turn for overland imports of fresh provisions.
By this time, however, North Korean logistics had been stretched to their limit, and resupply became increasingly difficult.
CP assumed control of DM & E and IC & E on October 30, 2008.
CPS men served longer than regular draftees and were not released until well after the end of the war.
Callers had ten seconds to enter the order on a keypad, with any incorrect answer ending the game / call.
Capcom produced the games to bring new intellectual property to the video game industry, which the company viewed as stagnant.
Capturing the hope embodied in the human spirit, it was a solemn and joyful reminder that all things are possible.
Care of cholera patients remains inadequate with much now done in tent facilities with rows of cots for patient treatment.
Carey started writing songs for the album in early 2002, before she signed the record deal.
Casey was penalized 15 yards for intentional grounding, and Tech was unable to gain another first down.
Cattle drowned across the region, and crops such as citrus, sugar cane, and pecan were heavily damaged.
Cayuga County, located in the Finger Lakes region of New York, has a highly unorthodox shape.
Centre forward Bobby Campbell was sold to Derby County to balance the books and John Hawley brought in as his replacement.
Certain male deities are given heavy bellies and breasts, signifying either androgyny or prosperity and abundance.
Challinor dropped two divisions to join Southern League Division One East side Stamford in search of first team football.
Chandramouli, a minister in the court of King Veera Ballala II, was his patron.
Channel 4 placed the album at number 71 on their list of top 100 Greatest albums.
Charles and Henry Capehart, in the American Civil War, the latter for saving a drowning man while under fire.
Charles raised the royal standard at Nottingham on 22 August, marking the beginning of the First English Civil War.
Chicago manager Eddie Stanky began to think about using Wilhelm as a starting pitcher for game number 907.
City fulfilled their fixtures during the 2002 – 03 season but finished 19th.
Claims abound regarding the legibility and readability of the single and double sentence spacing methods — by proponents on both sides.
Clarkson had also promoted Wrapped in Red in various televised performances, all of which she was dressed in red attire.
Class I stones are those thought to date to the period up to the seventh century and are the most numerous group.
Cleaning with soap and water, removal of dead tissue, and application of dressings are important aspects of wound care.
Cleghorn and Archibald Scott Cleghorn, with a hearing set by Justice Lawrence McCully.
Clips of the film were shown at Wikimania 2007 in Taipei prior to its completion.
Coleman also applied free jazz principles from his music during the 1960s to elements of funk.
Collaboration between the artist, architectural team, and consultants proved to be crucial to the success of the project.
Colonial status ended for the new state with the United States Declaration of Independence in July 1776.
Colonists eagerly rushed to assist, and on October 2 the Battle of Gonzales officially opened the Texas Revolution.
Common belief in medieval Japan was that any woman encountered alone, especially at dusk or night, could be a fox.
Community events generally take place downtown either outdoors or in one of the several downtown buildings listed on the National Historic Registry.
Competitors are allowed to move towards the inside lane right away, as long as it is safe to do so.
Complete Edition omnibus collection, which features various revisions to the originally published chapters in addition to newly drawn cover art.
Completing all levels in a world with a score of 100 unlocks two additional levels for that world.
Conceived as a young woman who is unprepared for adulthood, the character Rachel Green was originally named Rachel Robbins.
Concurrently, Perry is reassigned to Doofenshmirtz again and returns to the brothers once more.
Confronted with a desperate and chaotic situation he met it instead with grim determination and implacable ferocity.
Conscription was not extended to Northern Ireland and roughly an equal number volunteered from Northern Ireland as volunteered from the south.
Consequently, the need to identify human pathogens was a major impetus for the development of techniques to identify bacteria.
Consequently, the viziers concentrated more power than before while lower echelons of the state administration were reduced.
Constable and pursuer chase him to town road, where third accomplice awaits with auto; they speed off.
Construction of the facility triggered a significant growth in development of a gourmet marketplace, hotels and restaurants in downtown Napa.
Construction on the new NY 117 was expected to begin before the end of 1966.
Construction was abandoned in 1917 during the October Revolution when the ship was 63 % complete.
Contact with oil makes latex condoms more likely to break or slip off due to loss of elasticity caused by the oils.
Contracts for the remaining four ships were signed on 26 December, the day after the conclusion of the debate.
Conversely, it was the last role of David Garth who died in May 1988.
Cooling with tap water may help pain and decrease damage; however, prolonged cooling may result in low body temperature.
Cornell controlled the tempo of the game for the first 56 minutes and frustrated Syracuse with a tough defense.
Cornstarch is generally believed to be safe; however, some researchers have raised concerns over its use as well.
Corruption marred the reign of Huizong, who was more skilled as a painter than as a ruler.
Coulthard qualified 17th, ahead of Giancarlo Fisichella of Force India.
Courtney, after which she conducted her shakedown cruise between Newport, Rhode Island, and Hampton Roads, Virginia.
Cowan left Los Alamos in 1957 to teach at George Washington University, ending their collaboration.
Crashing his car in a chain reaction, Brian becomes angry and tells Stewie that Santa does not exist.
Credits may have included Anna Rosemond, one of two leading ladies of the Thanhouser company in this era.
Cresswell played poorly in the first half, but had a number of chances on goal during the second half.
Critics have described the album as having two specific themes: celebration of Europe and the disparities between reality and image.
Curtis wanted to portray Van Gogh truthfully, rather than being cruel by writing jokes about his madness.
D Company of the 48th Highlanders was able to quickly cross the Moro, taking minimal casualties.
DC had trouble selling ad space in issues of Watchmen, which left an extra eight to nine pages per issue.
DM & E combined its management and dispatching duties with those of ICE under the holding company Cedar American Rail Holdings.
Da Qi was formed late in 1130, and the Jin enthroned Liu as its emperor.
Daiei also hoped to find a foreign market for Warning from Space, though the company found difficulty in selling it.
Damage to these parts affects performance; for example, a broken fuel line will leak, quickly decreasing the fuel gauge.
Darkness also provided the opportunity to start digging more substantial trenches and to resupply the troops with water and ammunition.
Darlington, he was simply miscast both as Caesar and Antony, finding the former boring and the latter weak.
David Kerr, who had directed all of the episodes in the first series, was unable to return for the second.
Daydream was nominated for six Grammy Awards at the 38th annual ceremony, during which Carey performed live.
DeGrom refused to sign the contract in protest, but stated that he was open to negotiating a contract extension.
Dean rapidly weakened over land and was no longer classifiable as a tropical cyclone by early on October 1.
Del Toso has played for the Dandenong Rangers in the WNWBL since 2008.
Delaware changed hands between the Dutch and Swedes between 1631 and 1655.
Demonio derives from the Greek word daimon, which can equally mean divine power, fate, or destiny.
Department of Commerce and is now named in honor of James Buell Felts, a Washington Air National Guard pilot.
Depending on the size of the plasmatic granules, the sporangia appear papillate or smooth.
Depletion or enrichment of europium in minerals relative to other rare earth elements is known as the europium anomaly.
Despite cultural and demographic changes, military hostilities between the Jin and the Song persisted until the fall of the Jin.
Despite having been raised in a Jewish faith and unfamiliar with Christmas songs, Kurstin still agreed to produce the project.
Despite not being scheduled in the match, Gonzalez attacked The Undertaker and eliminated him from the Royal Rumble match.
Despite not recording their first win for more than two months, the pair guided City to 12th position.
Despite that missed opportunity, NC State finished the season with a winning record and received a bid to the Peach Bowl.
Despite the high cadmium content in cigarette smoke, there seems to be little exposure to cadmium from passive smoking.
Despite this lengthy gap, there appears to be no evidence of anyone ruling Piedras Negras between the two kings.
Dev Gill attained stardom with this film and went on to work in several South Indian films as an antagonist.
Development of the floodplain has led to increasing amounts of people and infrastructure within areas at high risk of inundation.
Devin Townsend was born in New Westminster, British Columbia, on May 5, 1972.
Devin mentioned he is against the project being contrived due to the current hard rock undertones in popular music.
Diefenbaker pledged to reduce taxes and castigated the Liberals for not reducing taxes despite the government surplus.
Diefenbaker promised to expand the national health insurance scheme to cover tubercular and mental health patients.
Diss Debar of Doddridge County to design the Great Seal of West Virginia in 1863.
Domitian was assassinated on 18 September 96, in a palace conspiracy organized by court officials.
Dublin, with over 1 million residents in the Greater Dublin Area, is the largest city on the island.
Due to a combination of political and strategic decisions, it was almost two years before the battalion went into combat again.
Due to the possibility of flash flooding, residents were to unclog and free up all waterways around their homes.
Due to the relatively vast distances between stars outside the galactic nucleus, collisions between stars are thought to be rare.
Duirinish is separated from Waternish by Loch Dunvegan, which contains the island of Isay.
During 2 – 5 November, Marlborough participated in a fleet training operation west of the Orkneys.
During a great theft of Lens, Elrane attacks the group directly, sending them ten years into the future.
During a survey, it was apparent that cats killed kakapo at a rate of 56 % per year.
During a transit, Venus can be seen from Earth as a small black disk moving across the face of the Sun.
During both World Wars the Languedoc was responsible for providing the daily wine rations given to French soldiers.
During his first season with Rochdale, Cooksey picked up six yellow cards and two red cards on the field.
During his period of living in exile he had few sources of income and little opportunity of getting his own works performed.
During his undergraduate studies, he became editor of the Union Magazine, for which he produced a number of illustrated cartoons.
During log phase, nutrients are metabolised at maximum speed until one of the nutrients is depleted and starts limiting growth.
During the 1740s, Smart published many poems while a student at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
During the 1930s, the road was realigned through the mountains, but several curves remained.
During the 1998 season when Princeton won the NCAA title, Striebel had been playing midfield.
During the afternoon hours, banding features consolidated around a developing eye and weather reconnaissance planes were dispatched to the system.
During the battle, British battlecruisers ambushed the German squadron and sank the armored cruiser Blücher.
During the fifth level, they defeat a large armada of the most powerful Imperial ships over a forested area.
During the filming, dialogue was played into the studio using modified tape recorders that converted the feed into electronic pulses.
During the final days of 1994, Tropical Cyclone William developed to the northeast of American Samoa.
During the late 1970s and early 1980s, Dylan converted to Christianity.
During the summer of 2001, Wail regularly used computers at the Delray Beach Public Library.
During the week of June 11, 1994, the album debuted and peaked at No.
During this period, Madonna focused on more traditional fashion and attitudes and tried to appear more respectful of traditional gender roles.
During this period, the 2 / 3rd lost five officers and 56 men killed or wounded.
During this time Mathews was a keen abolitionist and promoted this cause to the Sultans he worked with.
Dylan has won many awards throughout his career including eleven Grammy Awards, one Academy Award and one Golden Globe Award.
ECU kicker Ben Hartman was sent into the game and made a field goal from 36 yards away.
EPA in the 1970s, ranchers were left with no economic and effective control method.
Each motorcycle in the game handles differently with some performing better on paved roads and others working better on rougher terrain.
Each pharaoh and his predecessors were considered the successors of the gods who had ruled Egypt in mythic prehistory.
Earlier at the 2015 US Open, he reached a record 27th Grand Slam final.
Early fossil remains were fragmentary, which led to much speculation on the posture and nature of Iguanodon.
Early on 22 May, the system lost its identity south of Australia as an extratropical cyclone.
East Carolina ended the regular season 7 – 5 overall, and 6 – 2 in conference play.
Eastern migrants have been recorded in those parts of southern Asia that lie between the east of the breeding range and Africa.
Edward Shipton, rector of the church from 1625 to 1630.
Eggs need to be laid in moist ground and many nymphs die because of insufficient moisture in the soil.
Egyptians prayed for divine help, used rituals to compel deities to act, and called upon them for advice.
Eichmann pursued party activities in Linz on weekends while continuing in his position at Vacuum Oil in Salzburg.
Eichmann was taken to a fortified police station at Yagur in Israel, where he spent nine months.
Electoral committees are then tasked with determining whether the national minorities are represented in the council as required by the constitution.
Elvis rescues her and she then kills the Skedar High Priest, leaving the Skedar in disarray.
England subsequently won the Grand Slam in 1924 and as well as in 1925.
English composer Percy Grainger used the name for his 1911 piano trio Handel in the Strand.
Eno came on stage to sing backing vocals, and Bono invited Nogić on stage during the chorus.
Entering his senior season, he was ranked as the sixth best senior football player in Virginia by TechSideline.com.
Ernest subsequently made a few concessions, but his position remained sound, not counting the increasing problem of his debts.
Eruptive variables are stars that experience sudden increases in luminosity because of flares or mass ejection events.
Establishment of the C & SF made Everglades National Park completely dependent upon another political entity for its survival.
Estimates of the number of de novo genes in the human genome range from 18 to 60.
Eva Perón then created the Female Peronist Party, the first large female political party in the nation.
Even after the establishment of NDH authorities in eastern Herzegovina, Italian forces maintained their presence in the region.
Events occur mainly on the Boca Raton Campus, but a number of other campuses host their own events as well.
Eventually Feldman came to believe this concept had some credibility issues, and instead changed the protagonists to a government team.
Every track on Until the Whole World Hears features references to Christian subjects such as God, Jesus, and salvation.
Exact number of planned submarines remains unclear, according to media reports about three to six submarines are planned to be built.
Exponentiating a real number to a complex power is formally a different operation from that for the corresponding complex number.
Exponentiation by integer exponents can also be defined for a wide variety of algebraic structures, including matrices.
Extra sessions can be called by the President of the Republic, by the president of the parliament or by the government.
Fans may, however, disagree with the closing assessment that Morrison may be running out of themes and ideas to express.
Federer reached the final in Montreal before playing a young and relatively unknown Serbian named Novak Djokovic.
Fellows, Troup, and Babcock argued that the state had no power to tax the Seneca.
Females are sometimes reported as monogamous, but this is uncertain and polygyny may be more common.
Fey and former SNL castmate Amy Poehler starred in the 2008 comedy Baby Mama.
Fey next appeared in the 2010 comedy film Date Night and the animated film Megamind.
Fez won several more prerelease awards, including the 2012 Seumas McNally Grand Prize.
Filming of You Only Live Twice lasted from July 1966 to March 1967.
Firstly, flanking the open reading frame, all genes contain a regulatory sequence that is required for their expression.
Five Swordfish were ordered to the flight deck but Action Stations was not ordered until 4: 20.
Five of their LCAs were sunk by beach obstacles or enemy fire, at the cost of 76 casualties.
Five weeks later, on 20 June 1632, the charter for Maryland passed the seals.
Fixed line revenue dropped 16 %, while public telephone and international call revenue by 30 % each.
Flagella are driven by the energy released by the transfer of ions down an electrochemical gradient across the cell membrane.
Flanked on the sides are two smaller triangular plaques which depict the female figures of History and Eternity.
Fledglings have also been reported to invade their own or neighbouring nests and evict a new brood.
Florida Atlantic is classified by The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching as a research university with high research activity.
Flowers are an unusual colour, but occur within the bush where they grow within and are usually obscured by foliage.
Following Marsh, Ceratopsia has usually been classified as a suborder within the order Ornithischia.
Following her argument with George, Liz is asked to leave CSL, and a small party is held in the workspace.
Following the Romanian Revolution, due to shortage of funds, many units were disbanded and much equipment was phased out.
Following the damage wrought by Brenda, a large earthquake struck the region, hampering relief efforts and collapsing numerous structures.
Following the first concert in San Francisco, lead singer Bono met René Castro, a Chilean mural artist.
Following the first test, Keelan Giles and Rhys Patchell were called up to the squad as injury cover.
Following the release of Tommy, another Turner solo album, Acid Queen, was released in 1975.
Following the storm, the Mexican government sent food, water, and housing supplies to affected families in Oaxaca.
Following their conversation the group drank champagne until two in the morning, paid for by the Marseillais merchant.
Following their final Five Nations match of 1978, both Phil Bennett and Gareth Edwards retired from rugby.
Food is taken mainly from the ground, birds either finding objects while flying overhead, or by walking along and looking.
Football matches will be held in the cities of Belo Horizonte, Brasília, Salvador and São Paulo.
For 2011, Florida Atlantic was ranked 249th in the nation by Washington Monthly.
For Domitian, this meant that a significant part of his adolescence was spent in the absence of his near relatives.
For Spring / Summer 2007, Stefani opted for a presentation rather than a catwalk show.
For conspicuous gallantry on 22nd August 1915, near Fauquissart.
For example, a ninko is an invisible fox spirit that human beings can only perceive when it possesses them.
For the first time, his work charted on the Billboard 200 and received several awards from critics.
For the main theme, Kawai tried to imagine the setting and convey the essence of that world in the music.
For the most part, closing underground schools and colleges in the General Government was not a top priority for the Germans.
For the tenants, such surroundings were good for their own business credibility, and affirmed their own social status as professionals.
For this appearance, she was nominated for an Emmy in the category of Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program.
Forecasters at this time anticipated little intensification as the system was expected to move into a region of higher shear.
Forming out of a tropical disturbance on October 13, Omar initially moved slowly in the eastern Caribbean Sea.
Forward of this bulkhead was a 20 mm splinter belt that continued all the way to the bow.
Four men managed to escape to Australia but of the remaining men, 263 died while prisoners of war.
Four years later, the Chancery agreed to fund the rebuilding of the school at a site on Northgate.
Fowler also scored braces against Aston Villa, Ipswich Town, Chelsea and Norwich City in the league that season.
Fowler scored 12 goals in the remainder of the season, helping Leeds to a UEFA Cup qualifying place.
Fowler was part of the England squad for Euro 1996, making two appearances in the tournament.
Foxes and human beings lived close together in ancient Japan; this companionship gave rise to legends about the creatures.
Fraser and Navarro write that Juan Perón and Eva left the gala together at around two in the morning.
From 1897 through 1899, Barrow served as president of the Atlantic League.
From 2006 to 2008, they played in every French Open and Wimbledon final.
From 7 to 14 May, the plane went on a tour of the country, visiting several airports.
From the beginning of his reign right to the end he perpetrated bloody crimes, like a tyrannical slaughterer.
Fruit bodies typically appear in autumn, although the dry fruit bodies are persistent and may last up to several years.
Fully aware of this situation, Tessa stays with MacLeod, demonstrating her courage, understanding, generosity and compassion.
Further northeast, rains brought by Flossy helped relieve drought conditions across the Carolinas, and were considered beneficial.
García Márquez comments on the nature of historical fact by drawing attention to the way history is written.
García Márquez continues to cast a lengthy shadow in Colombia, Latin America, and the United States.
Genes are regulated so that they are expressed only when the product is needed, since expression draws on limited resources.
Genes under stabilizing selection are constrained and so change more slowly whereas genes under directional selection change sequence more rapidly.
Genes with a most recent common ancestor, and thus a shared evolutionary ancestry, are known as homologs.
Genevieve turned northwest on July 16 into an area with strong vertical wind shear and low water temperatures.
Genuine cystidia arise in the hymenium and the layer directly below, the subhymenium.
Giant stars have much larger, more obvious starspots, and they also exhibit strong stellar limb darkening.
Gilmore considered the tooth nondiagnostic but transferred it to a new species, Dryptosaurus medius.
Giordano was receptive to the proposal, but opposed the idea of using the Charlton characters for the story.
Glorious came back to the Narvik area on 26 May and the Hurricanes were quickly flown off.
Glorious did not suffer any similar damage and did not receive her stiffening until 1918.
Gods were assumed to be present throughout the world, capable of influencing natural events and the course of human lives.
Gods with broad influence in the cosmos or who were mythologically older than others had higher positions in divine society.
Gracehope was formed hundreds of years ago by a group called the Settlers who used to live in England.
Graham originated from an area of convection that emerged onto water after sitting over Australia on 23 February.
Grasshoppers are served on skewers in some Chinese food markets, like the Donghuamen Night Market.
Grasshoppers overcome this apparent contradiction by using a catapult mechanism to amplify the mechanical power produced by their muscles.
Gray wolves also practice alloparental care, in which a wolf pair may adopt the pup or pups of another.
Group Two, under the command of Captain Burn, would land at the old entrance to the St Nazaire basin.
HMS Achilles was an armoured frigate built for the Royal Navy in the 1860s.
Had the destruction gone ahead, smallpox virus might have been the first to be made extinct by human intervention.
Half the representation on the commission was given to foreigners who effectively bought their seats by pledging certain amounts of money.
Hamels created and currently runs an organization known as The Hamels Foundation with his wife, Heidi Strobel.
Harrison suggested that Jennings further expanded his political base by stumping among the disaffected French residents of the territory.
Hatfield garage was closed in 1989, and a new site established at Welwyn Garden City.
Having taken up post in 2003, Sohkiev resigned precipitately the following year.
Hawaii County mayor Billy Kenoi was also briefed on the approaching storm and he advised the county to be prepared.
He also criticised the focus on Gwen and the ridiculousness of her plan to marry Rhys despite her being pregnant.
He also fixed the narrative voice in terms of age by setting up Cal to relate the entire story at one time.
He also got to meet his childhood idol David Beckham while at the 2010 South Africa world cup.
He also played for the Fairfield Stallions in the New England Collegiate Baseball League in 1994.
He also stipulated that if he accepted the throne, it should be subject to certain guarantees by the other powers.
He and Michelle had not seen each other since before her film and television career when she was living in New Orleans.
He battled it out for 89 minutes, collecting more bruises before Allen bowled him for 22.
He became head chorister at Carlisle Cathedral, and was bullied at school because of his love of classical music.
He became one of its leading figures, serving on the management committee, and publishing handbills advertising its lands.
He becomes the focus of public attention due to his attractive face and figure, and due to high grades at studies.
He blamed the lack of downforce while following as the reason why he had been unable to pass Verstappen.
He boasted a strong physique and good ball control skills, as well as a great passing range and a powerful shot.
He claimed to have learned the term during his initiation into the New Forest coven in 1939.
He contacts Starfleet, and the Admiralty give Commander Tucker direct orders, which he refuses to carry out directly.
He could no longer work on his curveball for several months, and was forced to focus on the changeup.
He currently serves as general manager of the Canadian national team and as a player development consultant for the Golden State Warriors.
He declined the offer of an old merchant ship, loaded with troops, being deliberately grounded at Gaba Tepe.
He died of a stroke on 17 March 2007 at the age of 81.
He first went for basic training to Abilene, Texas, and then to Brooks General Hospital in San Antonio.
He found that the differences in size and shape may have actually been related to the gender and age of the animal.
He goes on a hunt in the forest, gets away from the army and stays with Banai for twelve years.
He had an appendectomy in 1953 and a hernia operation in 1954.
He has also won four BAFTA Awards for Best Actor, three Screen Actors Guild Awards and two Golden Globe Awards.
He has succeeded in his attempt, as he was able to keep the screenplay and narration gripping from start to finish.
He is also fond of Arcade Fire, The Beatles, Björk, Interpol, and The Killers.
He is also influenced by orchestral and classical composers such as John Williams, Trevor Jones and Igor Stravinsky.
He is also interested in foreign cultures and expressed regret at being unable to spend a semester abroad because of college football.
He is unable to achieve an erection with Urania, and in frustration and anger he rapes her with his hands.
He later wrote about his conversation in the form of a pamphlet, calling for an end to the civil war.
He later wrote several critically acclaimed plays, including Return on a Snowy Night, which is generally considered his masterpiece.
He learned that his skills as an entertainer were as important to his success as the novelties he exhibited.
He left the station after he was denied a raise, and later worked briefly for the competition, KDAV.
He made five appearances in the Conference National for Rushden, before deciding to leave to concentrate on his boxing career.
He made his first start of the season against the Boston Bruins, losing 2 – 1 in a shootout.
He noted that while there would be technical difficulties in the production of the annular dollar, these could be overcome.
He pitched 2 1 ⁄ 3 innings over two games, earning a save in the third game.
He pitched for 2 ⅔ innings and had eight earned runs, two strikeouts, and three wild pitches.
He played his entire career with a piece of shrapnel lodged in his back as a result of this injury.
He played in 21 seasons for the Browns, helping the team to win eight league championships in that span.
He posted a sack of Cam Newton in his debut with the 2013 Seahawks against the Carolina Panthers.
He received scholarship offers from Boise State, Illinois, Louisville, Maryland, Oregon, Utah, and UTEP.
He received the decoration for his actions during the Battle of Passchendaele in 1917.
He redid the main theme about seven times through the music production due to this need to reassess the game.
He returned six kickoffs for 153 yards, with his longest return consisting of 39 yards.
He said he would have preferred more private arrangements that would have given him the opportunity to speak privately with his father.
He sailed at a time when English military preparations were underway to relieve the Huguenots at La Rochelle.
He says The Clean Tech Revolution is the only book that covers the whole gamut of the latest in clean energy.
He scored twice in a thrilling 3 – 3 draw at Tottenham Hotspur on 18 December.
He scored two goals in the two fourth round matches against OFK Beograd, with one coming in each leg.
He seems engaged, and poised to speak, his body fully towards the viewer and his expression etched with certainty.
He sometimes worked individually with major league players who wanted to improve their knuckleballs, including Joe Niekro.
He spent his first year playing in the youth team and participated in the Honor Division when he was 16.
He succeeded his father when he resigned in 1821, and later became Chancellor of Bangor Cathedral.
He successfully defended his title in July 2008 before going on to win the PGA Championship in August.
He successfully defended the western front, but was unable to advance further because of local uprisings in the area.
He suffered his first ever defeat in a Wimbledon semifinal two days later, in five set loss to Raonic.
He then employed a close friend, Cyril Fox, to take on the vacated position of Keeper of Archaeology.
He took it under escort as it moved closer to Europe, while Montagu was searching fruitlessly to the south.
He took the name of Clement XIV, in honour of Clement XIII, who had elevated him to the cardinalate.
He transferred to TV with a version of it in 1987 called Hello Mum which was also live.
He turns the set off and slumps down on the sofa before laying on it with his foot propped up.
He used to hound the group a bit, because being called The Kinks did attract these sorts of people.
He wanted to show that despite the highly varied nature of his projects, they are all simply aspects of his identity.
He was Vice President of Research at General Atomics from 1955 to 1970.
He was also a member of the Seattle Seahawks during their Super Bowl XLVIII championship season and the Atlanta Falcons.
He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions.
He was assassinated in 267 during or immediately after the Anatolian campaign, together with Hairan.
He was auditioned by the choirmaster Jeremy Suter and accepted into the choir at the age of seven.
He was caught and hanged as a Union spy, but was a civilian and not eligible to receive the medal.
He was joined by Pancho Villa and Orozco and in April the army began approaching Ciudad Juárez.
He was named Atlantic 10 Rookie of the Week on November 12, 2012.
He was prejudiced against television appearances, considering such speeches the equivalent of carefully planned performances, such as stage shows.
He was reputed to be a deserter from the British Army and left only when he was captured by British soldiers.
He was stabbed three times, but recovered and challenged Jennings in his bid for reelection in 1810.
He was stationed in a bank of tents about five miles from the front lines and helped doctors tend to the wounded.
He was the very few officers to be promoted to that rank during the war who had not commanded combat forces overseas.
He was then sent down to the AAA Colorado Springs Sky Sox of the Pacific Coast League on July 18.
He won his third World Series in 2012 as the Giants defeated the Detroit Tigers in four games.
Helms spent the majority of his early career in his home state of North Carolina, winning numerous light heavyweight championships.
Henri Delaborde said Ingres observed Bertin in this posture while arguing politics after dinner with his sons.
Her aunt and grandmother shared her concerns, but recognized that she needed to leave in order to begin her own life.
Her personal life, particularly her relationship with Marilyn Manson, to whom she was previously engaged, has attracted press attention.
Here, it intersects the eastern terminus of NY 366 at a junction situated adjacent to Fall Creek.
Hill had no formal training as an archaeologist — indeed, his formal education had ended in the fourth grade.
His 270 yards were 13 yards more than his season average of 257 yards.
His alliance with Kent, the subjection of Wessex, and his recent successes added to his power and authority.
His body was recovered and was buried by our Padre, and I will give you exact location of cemetery afterwards.
His conclusion at the end of the trip was that Ronald Reagan was aiding the contras in violation of federal law.
His contract with the Remington Steele producers required him to resume his role and he regretfully declined the Bond role.
His economic program, which was rigorously efficient, maintained the Roman currency at a standard it would never again achieve.
His facial expression is of intense anger discerned from his furrowed brow, swollen eyes, and tusks.
His first and only major league appearance came against the Milwaukee Brewers on 17 September 1982.
His hard, level stare is already established, but the focus seems to be on his groin rather than his face.
His initial story featured unnamed villains that would eventually become LeChuck and Elaine; Guybrush was absent at this point.
His last seven appearances were in a reserve role, in which he averaged just over 20 minutes per game.
His main breaking ball is a hard slider in the upper 80s, occasionally even touching 90.
His main physiological proposition — that the eyeball changes shape to maintain focus — has consistently been contradicted by observation.
His most influential work was Aether and Matter, a book on theoretical physics published in 1900.
His most notable offspring were produced under the ownership of the 3rd Duke of Grafton and his son.
His son John Herschel repeated this study in the southern hemisphere and found a corresponding increase in the same direction.
His style has also been influential in academia, and is credited with popularizing a less formal style in academic publications.
His time of birth has been identified as either the 12th century or late 13th century.
His work on performance analyses is deeply indepted to what Goffman establishes here in “ Frame Analyses.
Hitler continued to mention the Plan until February 1942, when the idea was permanently shelved.
Homer enters the Cheers bar in a scene which is a parody of a typical episode of the comedy series Cheers.
Hooper returned to Granada the next year to direct the revival of Prime Suspect, entitled The Last Witness.
Hopemead State Park is currently undeveloped 70 acre park on the eastern shore of the lake.
Hornung returned to England in February 1886, before the death of his father in November.
Horus could be a powerful sky god or vulnerable child, and these forms were sometimes counted as independent deities.
However rumours spread during the season that Patrick was drinking heavily and not being as strict with the players as Ross wanted.
However, F & N shelved the suggestion after geologists could not to trace the source of the spring water.
However, Federer quickly reestablished his dominance on grass, winning the Wimbledon Championships over Andy Roddick.
However, Griffin argues that Helm did not arrive in Woodstock until after the song is believed to have been recorded.
However, Grove received a knee injury late in the season, which he did not think much of at the time.
However, Howard approached Teresa Wat, the CEO of the Chinese language radio station CHMB, to be his replacement.
However, Minor was back with the Bears before being released at the beginning of October and signed by the Indianapolis Colts.
However, Wheeler is alleged to have prepared for the show by checking beforehand which objects had been temporarily removed from display.
However, a combination of concealed minefields and well dug in German armour made the task of the Allied tanks impossible.
However, a rich man interested in taking Minarsih to be his wife sends a gang to kidnap her.
However, all bacteria can evolve by selection on changes to their genetic material DNA caused by genetic recombination or mutations.
However, all three were officially stricken from the Navy List on 10 September 1941.
However, an area of high pressure over New England began to steer Doria westward on September 13.
However, despite this misinformation, Lefty denies service to a number of white customers who partook in the riots.
However, he left in November 2003, with the club again fighting a battle against relegation.
However, he ran afoul of other people involved with the newspaper and was fired in 1913.
However, many soldiers continued to either pin the cross to the cockade or wear the cockade without the cross.
However, some of her storylines have been criticized, specifically her romantic relationship with her friend Joey during season ten.
However, some reviewers felt that the graphics and engine had become outdated, and could not compete with its contemporaries.
However, the Pizhi Pagoda features winding exterior stairs that provide access to the ninth and topmost floor.
However, the concession that had been granted to DNL did not allow Braathens to fly any scheduled flights.
However, the guitar controller has been required for play ever since the inclusion of drum and vocal parts in the series.
However, the jokes surrounding the yakuza characters have been criticized as extreme and no longer humorous in modern times.
However, the same comment also hints that she was not unaware that her choice was at the cost of her children.
However, the victory was overshadowed by the news that Leeds forward Soldier Wilson had died after collapsing during the match.
However, there had been instances of what would later be recognised as bodyline prior to 1932.
However, they did not get to appear on a second solo performance because an earlier show ran over the allotted time.
However, this does not mean that kitsune are ghosts, nor that they are fundamentally different from regular foxes.
However, whenever he attempts to touch a sleeping Indu, he sees visions of a warrior slitting his throat.
However, while still at UVA, he discovered that pitching was most likely to get him to the major leagues.
Hurricane Janet was the most powerful tropical cyclone of the season and one of the strongest Atlantic hurricanes on record.
Häkkinen had the third fastest time, ahead of Ralf Schumacher and Jean Alesi.
I believe that richess is like love in the theatres and novels: no matter how often one encounters it...
I do not see any sign of intellectual power or perception or grasp or subtlety in his work or himself....
I really hope that we can make a difference together to help the horrible situation that Haiti is in at the moment.
I told him so before he put pen to paper, and the result has, I fear, borne me out.
I was so excited to be offered the part because I felt that it was a role which I could really attack.
If correct, the patronym preserved by the Chronicle of Mann could merely be a garbled form of this style.
If no further postremission or consolidation therapy is given, almost all people with AML will eventually relapse.
If there are forty objects the size of Pluto, then there are probably ten that are twice the size of Pluto.
If you hesitate to take action in this matter I shall issue orders for the destruction of every fox in the land.
Iguanodon teeth are, as the name suggests, like those of an iguana, but larger.
Iguanodon was the second type of dinosaur formally named based on fossil specimens, after Megalosaurus.
Illinois, the battleship Connecticut, and the supply ship Culgoa were sent to assist the relief effort.
Immediately following the Soviet occupation of Lithuania, The Internationale replaced the Tautiška giesmė.
Immunity to the disease following an infection is lifelong; that afforded by vaccination is long term but eventually wanes.
Impero was laid down at the Ansaldo shipyard on 14 May 1938.
Improvements continue to be made to the highway including widening projects and reconstruction of sections of the road and interchanges.
In 1075, Toirdelbach drove Gofraid from the kingship and Ireland itself.
In 1224 both sides agreed on a peace treaty that ended the annual tributes to the Jin.
In 1716, her husband, Edward Wortley Montagu, was appointed British Ambassador in Istanbul.
In 1875, Elizabeth Johnson discovered the remains of a Pawnee village in Republic County, Kansas.
In 1883 Hardwicke Rawnsley was appointed vicar of Crosthwaite.
In 1895 the governors agreed to affiliate with the Council, which granted them £ 35.
In 1906, the RFU arranged for William Williams to find a home ground for English Rugby.
In 1909 Barrows married Stewart Bennett, a British journalist and explorer, and moved to Philadelphia.
In 1917, Little Rock built a fire station in the park, that building is now gone.
In 1917, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order and the Russian Empire Order of St.
In 1919, she assisted in the unsuccessful first attempt to lay the Ambrose Channel pilot cable.
In 1932, a federal executive order stated that only one spouse could work for the federal government.
In 1938 Olivier joined Richardson to film the spy thriller Q Planes, released the following year.
In 1939, her complement consisted of 41 officers and 754 crewmen.
In 1940, the station moved to Manhattan as W2XWV on channel 4.
In 1941, the road was designated as a state highway and signed as SR 67.
In 1943, Grove had to deal with issues related to World War II and the selective service.
In 1950, the Mosleys bought houses in Ireland, and in Orsay, near Paris.
In 1957, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation gave the four recognized parties free air time for political statements.
In 1959, the United States sent military advisors to train the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.
In 1961 Olivier accepted the directorship of a new theatrical venture, the Chichester Festival.
In 1970 President Richard Nixon appointed Creutz as Assistant Director for Research of the National Science Foundation.
In 1971, Applewhite briefly moved to New Mexico, where he operated a delicatessen.
In 1972, the light was automated and the Fresnel lens was replaced with a modern optic.
In 1977, Michelle was the queen in the New Orleans Mardi Gras Zulu parade.
In 1988, they mailed a document that detailed their beliefs to a variety of New Age organizations.
In 1991, Ike & Tina Turner were inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In 1992, three years after his Oscar win, The Last of the Mohicans was released.
In 1996, he founded a Chicago area Boys & Girls Club and dedicated it to his father.
In 1998, Caltrans had no plans to improve the route through 2015.
In 2003, it was a finalist in the fictional category of the National Book Critics Circle Award.
In 2004, readers of Retro Gamer voted it as the 33rd top retro game.
In 2007, Federer reached all four Grand Slam singles finals, winning three of them again.
In 2008, footage from the film was used in an official fundraising video by the Wikimedia Foundation.
In 2008, fossils of macroorganisms were discovered and named as the Francevillian biota.
In 2009, James told Inside Soap that Nicole and Geoff had a strong friendship underneath their romance.
In 2015, the Kiev Patriarchate awarded McCain its own version of the Order of St.
In 756, Óengus is found campaigning alongside Eadberht of Northumbria.
In 82 Agricola crossed an unidentified body of water and defeated peoples unknown to the Romans until then.
In April 1667, he returned to Cambridge and in October was elected as a fellow of Trinity.
In April 1705, Queen Anne knighted Newton during a royal visit to Trinity College, Cambridge.
In April 2015, Activision announced a new entry in the series, titled Guitar Hero Live.
In April, she undertook a mandatory citizenship test which included advanced knowledge of the German language and of Swiss history.
In August 2012, GameTrailers announced that Valve was developing this material into a documentary film.
In Berkshire, NY 38 serves the hamlet of Berkshire, a small community situated directly on the highway.
In December 1989, Ivica Račan became the head of the reformed Communist party.
In December 1999, Lester Crown and his family agreed to sponsor a water feature in Millennium Park.
In England, burning was a legal punishment inflicted on women found guilty of high treason, petty treason and heresy.
In England, one of the gliders never left the ground, as its tow rope had snapped on taxiing.
In January 1990, two police cruisers were severely damaged during a chase on Route 4.
In January 2000, Plensa won the commission to design the fountain over Lin and Venturi.
In Journey, the player controls a robed figure in a vast desert, traveling towards a mountain in the distance.
In July 1647, the New Model Army invaded London and conservative members of Parliament were forced out.
In July, Colonel Nicolas Condelle, led 200 men to reinforce Presidio La Bahía.
In June 1822 the Knox County circuit court declared the First State Bank had forfeited its charter.
In June 1970 he became the first actor to be created a peer for services to the theatre.
In London, only a few of his works were still being published, but the proceeds were taken by Newbery.
In March 1968, McCain was put into solitary confinement, where he would remain for two years.
In May 1956, a memorial to Maeda was erected in Hirosaki City, Japan.
In May 1981, City appointed former England international defender Roy McFarland as their new manager.
In May 2015, the newly renovated space reopened as the Proletariat Gallery & Public House.
In November 1791, a French convoy sailed from Mahé on the short journey to Mangalore.
In November 1924, the 4th Battle Squadron was renamed the 3rd Battle Squadron.
In November 1948, 2nd Battalion, 9th Marines was again reestablished.
In November 2010, a stereoscopic 3D version was announced adding a new opening sequence.
In Oahu, some homes along the coast were unroofed, and damage from wave action was also reported.
In Rome, Domitian was placed under house arrest by Vitellius, as a safeguard against Flavian aggression.
In Scotland biblical iconography is less common than in Ireland, but the subject of King David is relatively frequently depicted.
In September 1864, Poston gave the impression that Irataba was in favor of it.
In September 2008, Brosnan provided the narration for the Thomas & Friends special The Great Discovery.
In South Carolina, flooding associated with the cyclone was considered to be the worst since 1943.
In Stereo Review, Chris Albertson deemed the combination of saxophone and bizarre funk occasionally captivating but ultimately unfocused.
In Super Mario Land, Mario travels to Sarasaland to save Princess Daisy from Tatanga, an evil spaceman.
In The General in His Labyrinth, García Márquez voices his political views through the character of the General.
In Tokyo, the crew also found Hunt, who decided to go on holiday after having his request to direct declined.
In Washington, she has a counseling session with a social worker, during which she shares her anxiety about the investigation.
In a review in the Chicago Tribune, Kuehn felt that the work has little impact and is not memorable.
In addition to earthquakes, it has been struck frequently by tropical cyclones, which have caused flooding and widespread damage.
In addition to hydrostatic equilibrium, the interior of a stable star will also maintain an energy balance of thermal equilibrium.
In addition to the main television series, Perry has appeared in several pieces of Phineas and Ferb merchandise.
In addition, since they were not paid, individuals usually sought to become a senator only if they were independently wealthy.
In addition, two of her other children, Stacee and Yashi, contributed backing vocals for the album.
In all cases, the count resets if the shot hits the rim or if the player steps out of the lane.
In all, the storm wrought approximately A $ 20 million worth of structural and agricultural damage in Western Australia.
In an early manuscript discussing the motion of Mars, Kepler considered the Sun to cause the circular motion of the planet.
In an interview with MTV News, Brown stated that the song is not about Rihanna or any of his previous relationships.
In coastal New Jersey, locally heavy rainfall resulted in traffic jams, downed power lines, and numerous commuting problems.
In considering the physics of the celestial spheres, scholars followed two different views about the material composition of the celestial spheres.
In contrast, many temples to the major Egyptian gods and deified pharaohs were built in Nubia.
In early 2008, he was diagnosed with malignant melanoma, a severe form of skin cancer.
In early June, the NDH authorities began operations to confiscate weapons from the population, meeting with immediate resistance.
In epidemiology, for instance, these diagrams are often used to estimate the expected value of different choices for intervention.
In good conditions, umpire Willan got the race under way at 2: 00 p.m.
In his covering letter, Heydrich specified that Eichmann would act as his liaison with the departments involved.
In his first season, he helped them win the FA Trophy, scoring in the 2002 final.
In his later life, he purchased a Louisiana plantation, and made contributions to education in India late in his life.
In late 1982 he had his big theatre break when he took over the lead in Another Country.
In late December 1861, banks and then the federal Treasury stopped paying out gold at face value.
In nearby Sun Valley, Idaho, a cougar / wolf encounter that resulted in the death of the cougar was documented.
In one final act of defiance, he did not attend the ceremony and opted instead to send son Buddy Dean Jennings.
In parts of North Carolina, residents were urged to prepare for the storm and remain out of the rough coastal waters.
In reality, the emperor could have done little but to accept the declared nominal loyalty of Odaenathus.
In relatively old, very massive stars, a large core of inert iron will accumulate in the center of the star.
In research by Graham Embery et al., Iguanodon bones were processed to look for remnant proteins.
In response to the encroaching state, fundamentalists feel that their political conviction should mirror that of their religion.
In response to this controversy El Espectador sent García Márquez away to Europe to be a foreign correspondent.
In scenes where the tiger is chasing various characters, the tiger is actually on a leash with his trainer behind him.
In slow motion, the camera pans across the WHSmith shop on the station concourse as the duo walk past.
In some cases, the husband wakes as if from a dream, filthy, disoriented, and far from home.
In some variants, it is invading English which stumble on a thistle, but the story predates this time.
In the 1890s, the lighthouse was first formally proposed to mark the Norwalk Harbor.
In the 1945 election, the Communists were unopposed because the other parties abstained.
In the 1948 season, the White Sox faced difficult decisions regarding their pitching staff and starting rotation.
In the 24 – 16 loss to Florida State, Turner had his worst performance of the season.
In the Carolinas, salt, sugar, rice, and lumber industries suffered considerably, and several individuals were killed.
In the Muscat de Rivesaltes AOC, fortified wines are made from Muscat of Alexandria grapes.
In the Qumran tradition, back vowels are usually represented by 〈 ו 〉 whether short or long.
In the Second Test at Sydney, McCool took eight wickets, including the prize wicket of Hammond twice.
In the UK it premiered the following year on BBC1 on October 17, 1996.
In the United Kingdom, the song peaked at number nine and in the United States rose to number 29.
In the absence of guidance, the Court of Appeals took a narrow view of the issues, something she criticises.
In the autumn and winter of 1382, Flanders had been invaded by Charles VI of France.
In the breeding areas, it is a predator of Sitona weevils, which infest legume crops.
In the case of Atlantis, Howard chose an Indonesian orchestral sound incorporating chimes, bells, and gongs.
In the early 1940s, Service des Travaux Publics carried out random excavations.
In the early morning of 6 December, A Company was withdrawn and two additional Seaforth companies resumed the offensive.
In the early years of the 20th century rinderpest was common in Asia and parts of Europe.
In the end, Olivia takes a day off to spend time with her niece, Ella, at an amusement park.
In the far distance looms a large, foreboding mountain with a glowing crevice that splits its peak.
In the fifteenth century the valleys were occupied by Mandé peoples - Susu and Yalunka farmers.
In the first ever meeting against the Georgia State Panthers, the Crimson Tide was victorious 63 – 7.
In the following years he negotiated an agreement with settlers in York and Kittery to bring them under Massachusetts jurisdiction.
In the late 2000s, proponents claimed that tens of millions of Christians had accepted prosperity theology.
In the late 80s, several researchers advocated a completely new approach to artificial intelligence, based on robotics.
In the latter event, Tristan was beaten a head and a neck after being badly hampered in the closing stages.
In the playoffs, Phoenix swept the Memphis Grizzlies in four games before meeting the Dallas Mavericks in the second round.
In the process John loses his memory, setting up the events leading up to the 200th issue.
In the same year, Brosnan starred in After the Sunset alongside Salma Hayek and Woody Harrelson.
In the twentieth century, styles such as modern architecture and Deconstructivism explored different geometries to achieve desired effects.
In the video, he yearns for their relationship on a winter night in a city and in a desert scene.
In the wake of the storm, the town hall in Denham was converted into a temporary shelter for the homeless.
In this game, Liu Kang appears as the protagonist of the first chapter of the Mortal Kombat story mode.
In time, he ordered the creation of the Orchestra and Symphony of the General Government in its capital, Kraków.
In winter, however, when snow accumulation forces their prey into valleys, interactions between the two species become more likely.
Incidentally the name given to this process of a photon interacting with an electron in this way is Compton scattering.
Ingleside Cove is formed in this area between La Quinta Island and an island named Ingleside Point.
Initially focusing on the northwest of the subcontinent, Wheeler was particularly fascinated by the Bronze Age Indus Valley Civilization.
Innis died of prostate cancer in 1952 a few days after his 58th birthday.
Innis maintains that the difficult and expensive construction project was sustained by fears of American annexation of the Canadian West.
Inspector Less noted that Eichmann did not seem to realise the enormity of his crimes and showed no remorse.
Instead of miming, Dylan illustrated the lyrics by throwing cue cards containing key words from the song on the ground.
Instead, players have to build relationships with each other through their actions, helping each other or leaving as they choose.
Instead, she and Decca both created their own lists, and the final track list was compiled from the two.
Instead, syncretism acknowledged the overlap between their roles, and extended the sphere of influence for each of them.
Insurance settlement from the damage caused at the riots allows the Stephanides to purchase a home away from the African Americans.
Interspersed throughout each level are a large number of orbs, which Spidy can collect to score points.
Irataba first encountered European Americans in 1851, when he assisted the Sitgreaves Expedition.
Isabella Mayson was born on 14 March 1836 in Marylebone, London.
It became customary – and still is – for workers to hoist Polish flags on plant buildings when going on strike.
It can be distinguished from the common dolphin, which has a more prominent and longer beak and yellow flank markings.
It claims to break the contract, to which the spouses freely consented, to live with each other till death.
It consists of three long, curved terraces that form a circular space or theatre intended for civic functions and games.
It contains the entirety of the original, abridged audiobook, as well as new recordings of each missing segment.
It crashed just past the end of the runway, killing all 47 passengers and two of the three crew.
It does not avoid the vicinity of humans and can be seen in cultivated areas, orchards, parks and gardens.
It eventually moved back out to sea while south of Norfolk, Virginia, departing the region on 24 August.
It features 55 compositions by Masafumi Takada and 6 by Jun Fukuda across two discs.
It features Swedish musician Gustav Ejstes on autoharp and the Swedish Army drum corps on military drums.
It feeds primarily on large ungulates, though it also eats smaller animals, livestock, carrion, and garbage.
It finally saw action during Operation Joint Endeavor, providing bridging assistance for the international force in the Bosnia region.
It has also been speculated to be from the Italian word guantone, derived from guanto, meaning glove.
It has also been suggested that the rhyme records the attempt by King Charles I to reform the taxes on liquid measures.
It has been doubted whether these mouths might not be accidental, and formed by insects after the expansion of the plant.
It has been stated that the first published election cake recipe appeared in 1796 in American Cookery.
It has sections of rapids and whitewater, and flows over cataracts below Tumtum Lake.
It holds an 80 % Rotten tomato rating, while Metacritic holds it at 65 %.
It is found from Tathra National Park east of Eneabba south to the Chittering valley.
It is generally presumed that the St Andrews Sarcophagus was executed at the command of Óengus.
It is housed in the United States Post Office, Customs House and Court House federal building in downtown Galveston.
It is hunted by various mammals and birds of prey, and is host to a range of external and internal parasites.
It is not certain whether it was a written or only an oral promise, but this declaration fully satisfied the ambassadors.
It is often explained to be difficult due to challenging the player in a way different from previous puzzles in the game.
It is one of 13 Lactarius species sold at rural markets in Yunnan in southwestern China.
It is recommended for condoms manufacturers to avoid very thick or very thin condoms, because they are both considered less effective.
It is rolled onto an erect penis before intercourse and blocks ejaculated semen from entering the body of a sexual partner.
It is the deadliest landslide in Canadian history and was the largest until the Hope Slide in 1965.
It is the premier site in the state, and possibly Australia, for showcasing colonial era defences and fortifications.
It is therefore classified by the RSPB as a Red List species as of January 2013.
It is this doctrine that has taught me to judge a Musulman from his standpoint and a Christian from his.
It is used to attract females, either for mating, or for indicating favourable habitats for them to lay their eggs.
It made its closest approach on December 30, 2000, and made many scientific measurements.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 14, 1994.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 19, 1995.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 18, 1993.
It passes south of Columbia and receives the Osage and Gasconade Rivers from the south downstream of Jefferson City.
It reached number 4 on the Black Singles Chart and was subsequently certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
It reached the top of charts in Greece and the Dance / Electronic Albums chart of Billboard magazine in the United States.
It remained generally unchanged for the next 60 years before being decommissioned in 1998.
It remains on Freeville Road until Railroad Street, where it turns west and proceeds into the densely populated village center.
It reminds him of a similar rhyme he learned from his mother, and he remembers his way back to his house.
It started as a religious order which cared for the sick, and later looked after pilgrims to the Holy Land.
It took another 13 years for it to be dedicated on December 6, 1947.
It took five months for Marco to reach the design shown in the film and as imagined by Rajamouli.
It vanished from the southern regions of Quebec and Ontario between 1850 and 1900.
It was accompanied by a new music video which parodied musical performances of 1960s variety shows.
It was also adopted by American novelist Cate Tiernan as the title of her series of young adult novels.
It was and is a terrible loss, and I see it reflected, from time to time, in my children.
It was at the point that his effectiveness declined rapidly, allowing runs to score in four of his next five appearances.
It was broadcast during the winter months, from September to April, with Fully Booked replacing it during the summer.
It was brought to England in 1821 and transferred to Cambridge University in 1985.
It was built as a temporary, artificial track with the curves being constructed in snow and then frozen hard to ice.
It was composed by Thierry Darnis and adopted as the official anthem in March 1996.
It was designed by William Granville Hastings and cast by the Gorham Manufacturing Company in 1897.
It was filmed in London, Belfast, Bangkok and Indian cities including Hyderabad, Mumbai, Goa, Chennai and Bangalore.
It was first used for translation of the Bible and other Christian literature into Georgian, by monks in Georgia and Palestine.
It was later ported without the erotic content to the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, and PlayStation Portable consoles.
It was made available for a limited time as a free download through the official Alice in Chains website in early July.
It was my intent to mention every stage of Christ ’ s condescension and atoning sacrifice throughout the song.
It was not until 1997 that the rose was modernised when Nike became the official strip supplier.
It was performed three more times on the leg; twice to open the encore and once to conclude the main set.
It was released as a universal app for iPhone and iPad on January 19, 2012.
It was released on May 18, 2010, as the fifth single from the album.
It was set up on the first floor of Annapurna Studios and cost less than ₹ 3 million.
It was the location for a banquet attended by The Prince of Wales for the BBC television series the Great British Menu.
It would keep this status for subsequent rushes in the region due to its trade center status and accessibility to railroad infrastructure.
Italia and Vittorio Veneto were awarded to the United States and Britain, respectively, as war prizes.
Its altarpiece contains a painting of the Virgin, a copy of one found in the Cathedral of Seville.
Its companion Fort Largs does survive but in greatly modified condition, converted for use as the South Australia Police academy.
Its large range, abundance and increasing population mean it is classified as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
Its path is largely followed by the modern Queen Elizabeth II walk, though the former road was slightly to the south.
Its range spans 110 degrees of latitude, from northern Yukon in Canada to the southern Andes.
Its replacement, the Lake Champlain Bridge, opened to traffic on November 7, 2011.
Ivy League rivals Cornell and Princeton then had their 70th meeting, but first in the NCAA tournament.
Jackson did not record with the band and Calvin Weston was hired in his place to play simultaneously with Denardo Coleman.
Jackson had initially desired to become a horse racing jockey or entertainment lawyer, with plans to support herself through acting.
Jenna Fischer was actually pregnant and her pregnancy was written into the series with Pam and Jim having their second baby.
Jennings and his wife frequently entertained visitors, legislators, and other dignitaries at their Corydon home.
Jennings attended the negotiations of the Treaty of Tippecanoe, but the delegation failed in their attempt.
Jennings easily won reelection, thanks to an expanding base of support that included the growing community of Harmonists.
Jethro Tull singer Ian Anderson owned an estate at Strathaird on Skye at one time.
John Wood, the Younger raised funding through a Tontine and construction started in 1769.
John appointed Odo of Montbéliard as a bailli to administer the Kingdom of Jerusalem in his absence.
John married Harriet in March 1848, by which time he had anglicised his name.
John thinks the joke too good to spoil, so does not try to square himself, but pleads for mercy.
Jordan was recruited by numerous college basketball programs, including Duke, North Carolina, South Carolina, Syracuse, and Virginia.
Jorge Alí Triana and his daughter Veronica Triana wrote a theatrical adaptation in 2003.
Joseph Hargrove, and Pvt Danny Marshall from E CO, 2nd Battalion, 9th Marines.
Journalists have also complained that FITs attempt to stop them photographing protests and that they conduct surveillance of journalists.
Juan Duarte, a wealthy rancher from nearby Chivilcoy, already had a wife and family there.
Just like the first in 1971, they only used 16 players over their four matches.
Justice Samuel Nelson delivered the unanimous opinion of the Court, affirming the judgment of the New York Court of Appeals.
Juveniles are similar in plumage to adults, and downy chicks are black, as with all rails.
Juveniles resemble adults, but lack throat hackles, and sometimes have a pink fleshy gape.
Kana is more than happy to serve Mizuho any way she can, since she admires him immensely.
Kannada poetry changed course because of his efforts, and he was an inspiration for generations of poets to follow.
Karlsruhe refueled at Puerto Rico, a possession of the then neutral United States before steaming to Brazil.
Katherine was named the legal guardian of them in August 2009 after the death of Michael Jackson.
Keamy explains to Sayid that his brother has been shot because he borrowed money and failed to pay it back.
Kechewaishke, or Buffalo as he was known to Europeans, belonged to the Loon clan.
Kedok Ketawa was screened as late as August 1944, but may now be lost.
Kekāuluohi and Kanaʻina had their home in the area called Pohukaina.
Kekāuluohi was then free to marry Kanaʻina after they both took Christian first names.
Kennedy Assassination Archives at Southeastern Massachusetts University also contain a large collection of materials on the Robert Kennedy assassination.
Kennedy remains one of only two sitting United States Senators to be assassinated, the other being Huey Long.
Kershaw indicates that “ Bede ’ s decision to couch Edwin ’ s peace in proverbial terms offers...
Kh2 The position is still almost symmetrical, and White can find nothing useful to do with his extra move.
Kicker Ben Hartman converted the point after, which made the score 17 – 7 ECU.
Kramer finished the game having completed 12 of his 19 passes for 155 yards.
Lady Crewe became one of the first women magistrates in Britain; she died in 1955.
Lahari Music acquired its marketing rights for ₹ 10 million, a record for a Telugu film.
Lambs are also sometimes fostered after the death of their mother, either from the birth or other event.
Lambs, too, are aided in finding the udder and suckling a shorn ewe.
Land in the Everglades was being sold for $ 15 an acre a month after Broward died.
Largely as a result of the influence of humans in sheep breeding, ewes often produce multiple lambs.
Larger rays consume a greater variety of prey and relatively more polychaete worms when compared to smaller rays.
Late in the match, Jericho reversed an Unprettier attempt by Christian by tossing Christian directly to Cena.
Later fire lances used metal barrels, fired projectiles farther and with greater force, and could be used against infantry.
Later that day, Tanya passed through the Azores as it was transitioning into an extratropical cyclone.
Later that month, on November 28, she performed at the El Plaza Condesa in Mexico City.
Later, Guinness World Records announced that Turner had sold more concert tickets than any other solo concert performer in music history.
Later, raw footage from the film was seen on the internet but no details about the culprits were found.
Lavery argues that this grants Mulder the ability to separate the case from his own personal experience with his sister.
Lee, at the Battle of Sailors Creek, Virginia, on April 6, 1865.
Lettering, sword, and shield; mount for a list of men and woman serving in the Forces, St.
Letters have an angular shape, with a noticeable tendency to simplify the shapes they had in Asomtavruli.
Lice, such as Trichodectes canis, may cause sickness in wolves, but rarely death.
Licensing partners wanted to pair up with Marvel, despite this not being a film project, given its previous successes.
Like all cats, it is an obligate carnivore, meaning it needs to feed exclusively on meat to survive.
Like polyurethane condoms, polyisoprene condoms are said to do a better job of transmitting body heat.
Like the cap, it is initially sticky or slimy to the touch when young, but soon dries out.
Likewise, since they are more tightly bound than all lighter nuclei, such energy cannot be released by fission.
Likewise, when working with polynomials, it is often necessary to assign <formula> the value 1.
Linguist Marc Okrand created a language specifically for use in Atlantis, while James Newton Howard provided the score.
Literary developments during the Hoysala period had a marked influence on Kannada literature in the centuries to follow.
Liz tries to win Floyd back, only for him to lie to her about going home to Cleveland, Ohio.
Local folklore grew up around the site, associating it with the burial of a prince and the countless stones motif.
Located on the northern slopes of Mount Carmel and around Haifa Bay, the city is split over three tiers.
Locating prey: The wolves travel in search of prey through their power of scent, chance encounter, and tracking.
Longacre adapted both the technique and the design for the gold dollar, which was made thinner, and thus wider.
Lord Rosebery was eventually persuaded to enter government, becoming once again Foreign Secretary serving under Gladstone as Prime Minister.
Lt Col Newman aboard the MGB, need not have landed, but he was one of the first ashore.
Lucia had borne the brunt of the storm when Hurricane Abby made landfall as a category 1 hurricane.
Lytes Cary and its associated chapel and gardens have parts dating to as early as the 14th century.
López reached the playoffs as the Giants won the NL West for the first time since 2003.
MLB scouts began to take notice of deGrom when he pitched against Chris Sale of Florida Gulf Coast University.
MTV also had some reservations initially before airing the video, which was later resolved after a meeting with Warner Officials.
MacLeod expected Tessa to show disgust or fear, but instead Tessa expressed compassion and sadness for his loneliness.
Madonna did not perform the song again until 2015, as part of her Rebel Heart Tour.
Major streets were mined, with demolition charges throughout the main piazza, and booby traps littered the town.
Mantle was born in Barnet, then in Hertfordshire, in 1957.
Many different drifting buoys exist around the world that vary in design and the location of reliable temperature sensors varies.
Many of the characters reappear throughout the series, with the character roster changing as new characters are added or removed.
Many of them also noted that the beat of song melds very well with the vocal arrangement and the instruments used.
Many of these units have been restructured, however, as part of the 2007 Force Plan.
Many were concerned over the risk of a major fire breaking out and spreading, uncontrolled, from building to building.
Many were founders and patrons of churches and chapels, including members of the clergy, knights and often their wives.
Mario pursues Princess Daisy, in her debut, rather than the series standard damsel in distress, Princess Peach.
Marlborough was laid down at Devonport Royal Dockyard on 25 January 1912.
Martin Martin, a native of the island, reported on it at length in a 1703 publication.
Martinek played only seven games with the Blue Jackets before suffering a concussion and missing the remainder of the season.
Mathematica and Wolfram Alpha simplify b0 into 1, even if no constraints are placed on b.
Mathews was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1894.
May goes to the city to seek employment, and her father warns her to shun theatres and bad company.
McCain has employed both profanity and shouting on occasion, although such incidents have become less frequent over the years.
McCain slumped badly in national polls, often running third or fourth with 15 percent or less support.
McCall made one more appearance for Scotland under 21s, against France in 1990.
McCall started his professional career with Bradford City, where he made his senior debut in 1982.
McCartney invited Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke to play piano on the song, but he declined.
McCool enlisted on 12 September 1941 and served as a Pilot Officer with the No.
McCool played in three Tests without much success, scoring only 46 runs and taking only four wickets.
Meanwhile, the rest of the battalion had concentrated in Palestine, where it was rebuilt in advance of its next campaign.
Medium introduces a fourth fret button while adding more notes, and Hard includes the final fret button while adding additional notes.
Meetings also occur every three months where supporters are invited by ballot and are invited to ask questions to the Board.
Melchior Wańkowicz wrote about the Polish contribution to the capture of Monte Cassino in Italy.
Members of the government are chosen from both the Dáil and the upper house of parliament, the Seanad.
Memorization of the Shorter Catechism has been made a requirement for children in many Presbyterian churches.
Men who worked for farmers or psychiatric hospitals received regular wages, which they were required to give to the federal government.
Meradel made her first film appearance in the 1964 short film The Legend of Jimmy Blue Eyes.
Mhalsa is portrayed blaming Banai for the problems in the palace and talking about her superiority to Banai.
Michael Learned graced the stage of the Imperial Theatre for a 2010 production of Driving Miss Daisy.
Michael Schumacher entered the pit lane on the same lap for new tyres and rejoined in front of Button.
Michaels and Hogan were placed in tag team match against Kurt Angle and Carlito on an episode of Raw.
Migrating birds and wintering birds often form large flocks, often in the company of Redwings.
Migration southwards from the breeding range starts in October but the bulk of birds arrive in the United Kingdom in November.
Migration takes place at night, and flocks resting during the day may aggregate to hundreds of birds at favoured sites.
Mike Carey also has the honour of being the first Liverpudlian to write the Liverpudlian character.
Mikengreg announced Liferaft: Zero and Solipskier in November 2010.
Millions of Muslim, Sikh and Hindu refugees trekked across the newly drawn borders in the months surrounding independence.
Minardi débuted a new gearbox which was constructed out of titanium, the first for a Formula One team.
Missoula was founded in 1860 as Hellgate Trading Post while still part of Washington Territory.
Montgomery hoped to punch through the Winter Line, capture Ortona and Pescara and advance to Rome.
Monument 99 is an undated fragment that depicts a female captive, which is rare in Maya art.
Moore had initially believed that original characters would not provide emotional resonance for the readers, but later changed his mind.
Moore used the story as a means to reflect contemporary anxieties and to deconstruct and parody the superhero concept.
Moored weather buoys can also act as a navigational aid, like other types of buoys.
More radical measures were passed by the new council the next year, in the form of the Provisions of Westminster.
More than 60 million downloadable tracks have been purchased across the series as of February 2010.
Most species are ectomycorrhizal, although the ecological role of some species is not known with certainty.
Motherwell enjoyed another successful season, finishing second in the 2013 – 14 Scottish Premiership.
Movement from the ROK Capital Division prevented the 766th Regiment from infiltrating further into the mountains.
Moving into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence later that day, the storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone.
Moving northwest from the air station, Oso Bay must be crossed at its confluence with Corpus Christi Bay.
Mozambique was marked by large disparities between the wealthy Portuguese and the majority of the large rural indigenous African population.
Much of Sholay was shot in the rocky terrain of Ramanagara, a town near Bangalore, Karnataka.
Much of the area was part of the New Netherland until the British exerted their control over the region.
Music from the original soundtrack of Legend of Mana was arranged for the piano and published by DOREMI Music Publishing.
Musically, it is an R & B ballad, and the lyrics chronicle a lovelorn lament.
My intention was always to make a synthesis of all the Latin American dictators, but especially those from the Caribbean.
Mystery still surrounds the circumstances of the accident since no ambulance was called to the scene and Dylan was not hospitalized.
Māori hunted the kakapo for food and for their skins and feathers, which were made into cloaks.
NY 185 begins at an intersection with NY 9N and NY 22 in Crown Point.
Nangka moved through the Northern Marianas Islands, passing directly over the uninhabited island of Alamagan.
Nash has a medical condition called spondylolisthesis, which causes muscle tightness and back pain.
Nassar, Pradeep Rawat, Kelly Dorji, and Anu Hasan appear in supporting roles.
Navy officer notable for his leadership during an 1863 battle off Japan while in command of Wyoming.
Nearly three hours later, the British vessel HMS Jessamine reported a large patch of oil in approximately the same position.
Nevertheless, the plague still manages to spread to various nations by human trafficking, refugees and the black market organ trade.
New flocks arriving from the east are routinely shot, while the less cautious juveniles are trapped and netted.
Newton House is a Grade II * listed property, as are its summer house and the inner and outer courtyard ranges.
Ni, Branch, Chen, and Clinton conducted a similar study in 2009 using identical spacing variables.
Nick Campbell of TV.com complimented the sentimental storylines in the episode, specifically between Jim, Pam and Dwight.
Nicole is a girl who knows exactly who she is and where she stands: at the centre of the universe.
Nighy was rumoured to have been considered for the role of the Ninth Doctor when the show was revived.
Nine demos were recorded at The Mill studio in September 2003 by Paul McCartney and his touring band.
No matter how fantastic or improbable her statements, she always delivered them as if they were the irrefutable truth.
Nopcsa however, identified the genus as a stegosaurid, which most modern studies agree with.
Norman continued a successful career as a showman and later became an auctioneer of novelty shows and circuses.
Norman was born Thomas Noakes on 7 May 1860 in Dallington, Sussex.
Not all of the members of the administration agreed that an invasion of Cambodia was either militarily or politically expedient.
Nothing in his previous experience had equipped him for the task of holding up a losing side in a damp English summer.
Now based in Austin, Texas, he had made inroads into the rock and roll press by attracting rock audiences.
Nuskhuri first appeared in the 9th century as a graphic variant of Asomtavruli.
Odaenathus observed all due formalities towards the emperor, but in practice ruled as an independent monarch.
Of literary figures after the Lake Poets among those most closely associated with Keswick was the novelist Hugh Walpole.
Officials later advised residents along the Maputo River to evacuate to higher grounds, and thousands had to leave their houses.
Offshore the edible crab and edible oyster are also found, the latter especially in the Sound of Scalpay.
Old females usually whelp in the den of their previous litter, while younger females typically den near their birthplace.
Older wolves generally have more white hairs in the tip of the tail, along the nose and on the forehead.
Oldham has a thriving bar and night club culture, attracting a significant number of young people into the town centre.
On 15 December, the ship took part in the raid on Scarborough, Hartlepool and Whitby.
On 18 December, Vokes planned what would be the largest assault on The Gully during the campaign.
On 20 December, Canadian forces tried again and The Royal Canadian Regiment attacked Cider Crossroads at noon.
On 20 June 2016, he returned as manager of Bradford City, replacing Phil Parkinson.
On 21 April 2012, Nash passed Oscar Robertson for career assists versus the Denver Nuggets.
On 27 April, an ARVN Ranger Battalion had advanced into Kandal Province to destroy a communist base.
On 5 May 2009, Alexander, a restaurateur, was found dead at his home.
On 9 January 1950, Evita fainted in public and underwent surgery three days later.
On April 1, 2015 the battalion was deactivated in a ceremony at Camp Lejeune.
On August 3, an extratropical cyclone developed into a tropical depression off the west coast of Florida.
On Carsall Moore near Manchester in Lancashire on the 18th instant, a 20 £.
On December 15, 1207, Han was beaten to death by the Imperial Palace Guards.
On December 15, Wanyan Liang was assassinated in his military camp by disaffected officers.
On December 24, 2012, they adopted a baby girl from Ethiopia named Reeve.
On Earth, Ruwan and Tyla escape detection by the Covenant and appropriate a vehicle in an effort to escape.
On February 3, 2014, Parlophone Records released a new compilation titled Love Songs.
On January 10, 2011, Helms signed a contract with Lucha Libre USA.
On July 27, 2013, Schofield was claimed off waivers by the Seattle Seahawks.
On July 29, a tropical cyclone was located midway between Manzanillo and Acapulco.
On July 3, 1965, McCain married Carol Shepp, a model originally from Philadelphia.
On July 5, López was designated for assignment to make room on the roster for Armando Almanza.
On November 2, 2009, several stills from the video were released onto the internet.
On November 4, 2013, Columbia Records released Bob Dylan: Complete Album Collection: Vol.
On October 11, against South Carolina, the Hokies tied, 27 – 27.
On October 23, an open trough was centered north of Hispaniola near the Turks and Caicos islands.
On September 25, this tropical storm made landfall near Long Beach, California, and dissipated inland.
On September 7, three ships observed hurricane force winds over the western Atlantic Ocean, between the Bahamas and Bermuda.
On each occasion however, Rowley was able to recapture the lost frigate and drive off the French attackers.
On his final start of the year he ran in the Jockey Club Stakes over two and a quarter miles.
On his next album, Planet Waves, he used the Band as backing group, while rehearsing for a tour.
On his way to the airport, Gautham passes the school he had attended and hears children singing a rhyme.
On sea trials, both Littorio and Vittorio Veneto exceeded the design specifications for their power plant.
On the contrary, Zhou speaks squaremouth using the Yangzhou tone system, which does utilize rusheng syllables.
On the east side of town, it connects to the Nittany and Bald Eagle Railroad, a short line.
On the evening of 25 April Nixon dined with his friend Bebe Rebozo and Kissinger.
On the first floor was the famous Sundial Room or Meridian Room, which was initially an open loggia.
On the first play after the fumble recovery, Tech attempted to run a trick play involving a pass by Lawrence.
On the last day, the festivities reach a crescendo as Rama vanquishes the demon king Ravana.
On the march to Fredericksburg, Pitman was separated from his regiment and captured by Confederate guerrilla forces.
On the other hand, they have been known to hunt actively, mostly during the first six hours of the night.
On the reverse is a bar engraved THE CONGRESS TO with a space for engraving the name of the recipient.
On their way they were continuously illuminated by German searchlights and were hit at least six times by the German guns.
Once all athletes are set in their starting position, the gun or an approved starting apparatus must be fired or activated.
Once semen has been collected it can be used immediately for insemination or slowly frozen for use at a later date.
One aircraft was shot down by the Germans and the others returned reporting heavy snowstorms between the ship and Narvik.
One of her more pioneering and innovative charitable causes was the oral instruction of what were then called the deaf and dumb.
One of the aliens manages to secure a photo of Hikari Aozora, a famous Japanese entertainer.
One of the botanists was Richard Buxton who went on to write A Botanical Guide to Manchester.
One of the longer sides has a row of arches forming an arcade above a pattern of lozenges.
One of the missions of the fort was to mediate disputes between the Ojibwe and the Dakota tribes.
One of the rooms of the palace contains a stucco decoration representing feathered serpents and crossed bones.
One of these companies was Northwest Transportation Company of Sarnia, which was founded in 1870.
One of these was the surgeon Frederick Treves who arranged to have Merrick brought into the hospital to be examined.
One pass found José Antonio Camacho who beat Liverpool defender Alan Hansen but put his shot wide of the Liverpool goal.
One person was killed during the storm after being electrocuted by a downed power line on a flooded road.
One road in the country was converted into a makeshift landing strip to allow helicopters and planes to drop off emergency supplies.
One study found that jackrabbits made up 45 % of the bobcat diet in Utah and Nevada.
One variation of the howl is accompanied by a high pitched whine, which precedes a lunging attack.
Only in 1876 did Owen name a series of specimens from the collection as Anthodon serrarius.
Only small doses should be used, as they may worsen the respiratory depressant effects of muscimol.
Orc is part of a doomed cycle- his rebellion is inevitably countered by the increased institutional repression of Urizen.
Oribi at least three months old have been observed giving out one to three alarm whistles on sensing danger.
Other Australian captains were less particular, including Vic Richardson who let him use those tactics when he moved to South Australia.
Other Christian churches, such as the Eastern Orthodox and some Protestant churches, use a form established by the Greek Fathers.
Other formerly critical organisations have since said that they will accept the outcome of the vote and now wish to move on.
Other private schools include Satori Elementary School, Trinity Episcopal School, Seaside Christian Academy, and Heritage Christian Academy.
Other public school districts in the Spokane area include the Mead School District in north Spokane County, outside city limits.
Otway divided his men into four assault groups, and settled down to await the arrival of the three gliders.
Out of a crew of 52 officers and men, eight died in the attack; 44 survived.
Out of the ten teams to compete, Australia finished 9th ahead of the other debuting team, Belgium.
Out of the ten tropical storms, seven reached hurricane intensity, of which four made landfall on the United States.
Outraged workers surveyed CPS men in other hospitals and learned of the degree of abuse throughout the psychiatric care system.
Outside of the hurdles events, the steeplechase race is the other track and field event with obstacles.
Over the next few years, she composed the soundtrack to several games, including Parasite Eve and Legend of Mana.
Over the next year, the 766th Unit received extensive training in unconventional warfare and amphibious warfare.
Over time, such clouds become increasingly enriched in heavier elements as older stars die and shed portions of their atmospheres.
Park met all of his wives through teaching, Carol was a teacher at Askam Village School when she was killed.
Parliament eventually adopted a presbyterian form of government, but it lacked the power the presbyterian divines desired.
Part of the reason is that irrigated land along the Missouri has only been developed to a fraction of its potential.
Participants number in the hundreds and thousands, and the fest is usually accompanied by a parade and other celebratory events.
Pattycake was brought to New York Medical College for surgery and she was given a cast for her arm.
Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the program three and a half stars out of four.
Paving continued on US 80 into 1934, just west of the sand dunes.
Peasants who lived in the area had fled to the castle for safety and were kept in the outer ward.
Pennock attended Westtown School and Cedarcroft Boarding School, where he played for the baseball team.
Permanent occupation began in 1110 when Tancred, Prince of Galilee took control of the site.
Pete realises that they now have no other choice and that he must die in order to restore the timeline.
Pharaohs had their own mortuary temples where rituals were performed for them during their lives and after their deaths.
Plane models and textures were based on photographs, and many of the moving parts and flight control surfaces were modeled individually.
Plans for building Route A were made in 1950 but were deferred a year later due to opposition.
Plensa feels that by using faces, he can represent the diversity of the city both in ethnicity and in age.
Pohl could only offer half a cent per word for fiction, well below the rates offered by the leading magazines.
Polish literature faced a similar fate in territories annexed by Germany, where the sale of Polish books was forbidden.
Ponchartrain, which had been brought to Little Rock in hopes of converting it to an ironclad.
Pope Gregory V, however, would not appoint a candidate without royal permission, which neither of the monks had.
Pornographic Apathetic was featured in numerous movie festivals, and received eight film awards as well as critical acclaim.
Possession of amounts larger than 0.5g dried or 5g fresh lead to a criminal charge.
Precipitation spread as far south as Durban, but did not penetrate far into the center of the country.
President Richard Nixon, however, scrapped funding for the project due to the efforts of many Everglades watchdog groups.
Previously, talc was used by most manufacturers, but cornstarch is currently the most popular dusting powder.
Prince Edward escaped his captors in May and formed a new army, resulting in a fresh outbreak of civil war.
Probably no other country marks anniversaries related to the events of World War II so often or so solemnly.
Production of Thunderbirds ended in August 1966 with the completion of the sixth episode of Series Two.
Programmes selected for the May – June burst included Celebrity X Factor, Big Brother and live football and cricket matches.
Prohaska demanded help from Mostar, and planned to send a force from Nevesinje to assist.
Project Chanology participants plan to join the Church of Scientology posing as interested members in order to infiltrate the organization.
Proteins can also work together to achieve a particular function, and they often associate to form stable protein complexes.
Protests also came from bankers, manufacturers and farmers, who felt an increased money supply would have a positive impact.
Putting the animal in a horizontal posture makes many aspects of the arms and pectoral girdle more understandable.
Quest Mode tells the story of an ancient warrior who was defeated by a powerful monster and his mystical guitar was lost.
Quick Play mode allows the player to play any unlocked track, selecting the difficulty, the character, venue and guitar.
Rapidly weakening over land, Imbudo emerged into the South China Sea about six hours after landfall.
Rather than building a new church at the time, the parish elected to move the old one to the new site.
Real started to exert more of an influence after this, midfielder Juanito started to cause Liverpool problems with his passing.
Reconstruction of the choir area began in 1979 using the same materials as existed before the fire.
Recording studios around the world, particularly those specialising in rock and pop music, adopted the speaker as the standard.
Relaxed and patient, the sessions began during the late morning, running to just before dinner in the early evening.
Released in January 2011 in Japan, it is the third game in the Valkyria series.
Reluctant to leave her home, at the end of her year in Oslo, Rona returned to Hungary.
Remnants of native forest can be found scattered around the island, in particular in the Killarney National Park.
Respers France loved that Brittany, in helping Kurt find his magical inner unicorn, was able to find her own.
Restoration work was carried out in the 19th century, but the church later fell into disuse.
Ric Flair attempted to attack Savage from the top rope, but Savage threw him to the ring floor instead.
Roasting the ore and subsequent acidic and basic leaching is used mostly to produce a concentrate of lanthanides.
Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester, rebuilt the house in 1563, originally calling it Leicester House.
Roma was built by the CRDA shipyard, starting on 18 September 1938.
Ron MacFarlane, who narrated part of the episode, mentioned that Kenny Rogers was supposed to be there.
Ross was assisted in this by the Lairds of Innes and Brodie who chopped it up for firewood.
Rowson whimsically suggests 17.h4!?, forcing Black to be the one to break the symmetry.
Ruler 4 continued in power to celebrate the period endings of 716 and 721.
SR 319 begins in downtown Burkettsville at a former railroad grade just west of Washington Street.
SS El Sol was one of four sister ships that carried cargo and a limited number of passengers for the Morgan Line.
Sabo was awarded the Medal of Honor on 16 May 2012 by President Barack Obama.
Saint Anthony, with its scenic waterfalls, rapidly developed as a destination for tourists traveling the Mississippi on steamboats.
Samaritan and Qumran Hebrew have full vowels in place of the reduced vowels of Tiberian Hebrew.
Sang Pencerah marks the feature film debut of Ihsan Tarore and Giring Ganesha.
Sarnia is home to the Sarnia Sting, a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League.
Scent marks are generally left every 240 metres throughout the territory on regular travelways and junctions.
Scott Fitzgerald took the title of his novel Tender is the Night from the 35th line of the ode.
Scranton, cattle ranchers who squatted and established a claim at Spokane Falls in 1871.
Scully keeps her discomfort with the case to herself, and writes up a field report on necrophilia.
Seeing the 2nd Brigade coming forward, units of the 3rd Brigade started to advance to Gun Ridge.
Seeing the bruising balls hit the Australian batsmen on several occasions in this game and the next angered the spectators.
Sennacherib instated Ittobaal on the throne of Sidon and reimposed the annual tribute.
September informs him Christine will stay alive because she is now important; she was responsible for the death of an Observer.
Service, with one required transfer at Eagle Avenue, began on December 28, 1910.
Services in Welsh are held every Sunday, either Holy Communion or Morning Prayer; there are no midweek services.
Several clubs, including the ADAC, AAA and KNAF considered withdrawal from the FIA after the decision.
Several more attempts to advance north by the Koreans made little progress, and the fighting stopped by 28 October.
Several other Militia machine gun battalions were also raised as new units later after the Second World War began.
Several other such exercises were conducted in nations throughout Europe including Albania, Romania, Georgia, Latvia, Bulgaria and Macedonia.
Several songs from the soundtrack were included in the annual Binaca Geetmala list of top filmi songs.
Several species of aquatic mammals are found on the river, including beaver, mink, and river otter.
Several years later, the brigade was the primary engineering component during the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Shabtai Levy, the Mayor of the city, and some other Jewish leaders urged Arabs not to leave.
Shakespeare Quiney died at six months of age, and neither Richard nor Thomas lived past 21.
Shaking damage was more severe than for other quakes of similar magnitude due to the shallow depth of the quake.
She attended Sunday schools separately linked to the church and to socialism, and was educated at North Kelvinside School.
She begs the Gods to bind her and Hermaphroditus together, and the Gods literally fulfill her wish.
She had three siblings: an older brother named Walbert and two younger sisters named Zernell and Zona.
She is crushed to learn that Vincent still committed suicide weeks after their adventure, at the age of 37.
She is the patron goddess of the Dhangar community and is worshipped as a protector of their herds.
She later supported the Leyte landings from 12 to 24 October 1944.
She left the port on 1 September for maneuvers with the rest of the fleet in the Mediterranean and South Atlantic.
She performed at the 2007 NRJ Music Awards, held in January 2007.
She performed at the Nippon Budokan in 2014 and 2015.
She recruited Macpherson to play drums, musician Luis Lerma, bass, and Nate Farley, guitar.
She sailed on 21 December and joined up with Convoy WS5A and the small carrier Argus.
She took inspiration from a photograph of actress Elizabeth Taylor submerged in a swimming pool which was taken early in her career.
She undertook mine duties supporting the Battle of Okinawa between 25 March and 30 June.
She was no quitter, and was never the first to suggest turning back in the face of discouraging circumstances.
She was one of the first female professional mountaineers; she not only explored but also wrote about her adventures.
She was so impressed with his manners and surprised at the attention he showed her that she married him within three months.
She was struck for the Naval Vessel Register in July 1934 sold for scrapping in August.
She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register in January 1936 sold for scrapping in June.
She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register in March 1935 sold for scrapping in April.
She went forward with a determination to succeed and a courage that won success where a less determined effort would have failed.
Shehri was an elementary school teacher from Khamis Mushait in the Asir region of Saudi Arabia.
Shiban began crafting his story by borrowing a nanobot plot that had been considered by various writers for several seasons.
Shimomura attended Osaka College of Music, and graduated as a piano major in 1988.
Sholay was released on 15 August 1975, Indian Independence Day, in Mumbai.
Shortly after this the ships were spotted by a Heinkel 115 floatplane of the Luftwaffe.
Shortly thereafter he announced the adoption of Trajan as his successor, and with this decision all but abdicated.
Show that even the worst of them had something going for them, and even the best of them had their flaws.
Signage for SR 67 begins at Bright Angel Point along the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park.
Significantly, the treaty did not mention or institute any social reforms that Madero had vaguely promised on previous occasions.
Silver dollar production rose again, until the bullion was exhausted in 1904, when it ceased.
Similar to Super Mario World, Yoshi can use his tongue to ensnare enemies and put them into his mouth.
Similarly, in inland Australia it can share range with the little crow, as the two do not appear to compete.
Similarly, some eukaryotic organelles contain a remnant circular chromosome with a small number of genes.
Simon Archer and Marcus Hearn, biographers of Gerry Anderson, compare this device favourably to a film trailer.
Since 1381, there had been a growing fear of Lollardy among the English political elite.
Since 1941, more than half of the Medals of Honor have been awarded posthumously.
Since its description in 1825, Iguanodon has been a feature of worldwide popular culture.
Since receiving its startup funding, Florida Atlantic has secured additional funds from other sources, including federal and private research grants.
Since the 19th century, they have been one of the most popular methods of contraception in the world.
Since then, Missoula has relied on the Missoula Valley Aquifer as the sole source of water.
Since these boats could only travel downriver, they were dismantled and sold for lumber upon their arrival at St.
Since weather data had not been recorded for any area within the Everglades, none was included in the report.
Sister Wives is an American reality television series broadcast on TLC that began airing in 2010.
Smaller stars such as the Sun are just the opposite, with the convective zone located in the outer layers.
So Chicago is clearly insisting that unless Dershowitz went to the originals, he was obliged to cite Peters.
So far, no experiments have been conducted to synthesize any element that could be the next group 3 element.
So there is an infinity of values which are possible candidates for the value of ii, one for each integer k.
Soldier morale sank as weather conditions worsened, supplies ran out, and hunger spread, forcing many to desert.
Some North Vietnamese pulled him ashore, then others crushed his shoulder with a rifle butt and bayoneted him.
Some RNAs known as ribozymes are capable of enzymatic function, and microRNA has a regulatory role.
Some algorithms become simpler when used on DAGs instead of general graphs, based on the principle of topological ordering.
Some confusion could be expected in the circumstances, with every weapon firing and aircraft almost continually strafing from above.
Some couples find that putting on a condom interrupts sex, although others incorporate condom application as part of their foreplay.
Some critics have proposed that prosperity theology cultivates authoritarian organizations, with the leaders controlling the lives of the adherents.
Some enzymes act on other proteins to add or remove chemical groups in a process known as posttranslational modification.
Some gale warnings were issued from the Grenadines to Guadeloupe starting on July 10.
Some of the polluting sludge contains minerals which are fertiliser, which could make polluted water attractive to use.
Some of the stories draw on the life experiences of the women while others take inspiration from conversations they had with friends.
Some other proponents of skyscrapers likened them to medieval cathedrals, symbols of the modern age.
Some people with AML may experience swelling of the gums because of infiltration of leukemic cells into the gum tissue.
Some readers praised the actions of Anonymous, while others commented that the DDoS attacks bring more attention to Scientology.
Some species are genuinely aposematic, having both bright warning coloration and sufficient toxicity to dissuade predators.
Soon after the establishment of Headquarters RAAF Station Darwin, Minister for Air James Fairbairn visited the base.
Soon afterwards, one of the locals working on excavating the ship is apparently scalded by boiling seawater.
Special identification cards and commissary and exchange privileges are provided for Medal of Honor recipients and their eligible dependents.
Special relativistic, gravitational, and cosmological redshifts can be understood under the umbrella of frame transformation laws.
Starry, commander of the 11th Armored Cavalry, was wounded by grenade fragments and evacuated.
Stars are not spread uniformly across the universe, but are normally grouped into galaxies along with interstellar gas and dust.
Stars can form part of a much larger gravitationally bound structure, such as a star cluster or a galaxy.
Stars condense from regions of space of higher density, yet those regions are less dense than within a vacuum chamber.
Stars on the main sequence convert hydrogen into helium, creating a slowly but steadily increasing proportion of helium in the core.
Stead began writing the novel in 2002, but her first draft was confusing and unorganized.
Storms recurving affect eastern Philippines, eastern China, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, and the Russian Far East.
Storms were named Christine, Delia, Ellen and Fran for the first time in 1973.
Stromeyer noted that some impure samples of calamine changed color when heated but pure calamine did not.
Structures are often raised wherever they can fit; some buildings were built on slopes with insufficient foundations or steel supports.
Subsequently Poland was partitioned again – between these two powers – and remained under occupation for most of the war.
Subsequently, new comics series were commissioned on the basis of reprinting them in a collected form for these markets.
Substituting the beverage for the lost elixir, he sprays LeChuck, destroying the ghost pirate.
Such a program could be used as the basis for requests for appropriations, for expenditures, and for allocating scare materials.
Such as the treatment and events that led to the deaths of victims of the cult such as Lisa McPherson.
Support for the old emperor waned as more legions around the empire pledged their allegiance to Vespasian.
Swift looks at a photograph of herself and her friend tucked into the arch and, then, passes through the doors.
Symptoms often include constipation, toxic and allergic reactions, irritation of the intestinal mucosa, and malnutrition.
Syracuse won, 11 – 6, and extended its postseason streak against Maryland to five.
Taizong eventually granted two prefectures, but by then the Jin leaders were ready to attack their southern neighbor.
Tech punter Tony Romero, kicking from the Tech goal line, had his kick blocked by State defender Derrick Taylor.
Tessa holds her ground in front of Wolf and tries to escape, but Wolf brings her back to her cell.
That June, the Dota 2 team confirmed that the full roster of heroes and items would remain available without charge.
That Ouania is Govan is now reasonably certain, but the location of Newanbirig is less so.
That evening Birdwood had been ashore to check on the situation, and, satisfied, returned to HMS Queen.
That offseason, he was traded by the Royals to the California Angels for Ed Kirkpatrick and Dennis Paepke.
That year, according to Caltrans, the interchange with US 395 was the busiest in the county.
The 1910s – 1930s actress Marie Prevost was also born there.
The 1926 hurricane effectively ended the land boom in Miami, despite the attempts at hiding the effects.
The 1946 colour version appeared in English in 2005, published by Egmont.
The 1986 album To Hell with the Devil sold 2 million copies and achieved a Grammy nomination.
The 2000 NIH review concluded that condom use significantly reduces the risk of gonorrhea for men.
The 2009 Six Nations also saw former England Captain Martin Johnson take up the job of head coach.
The 4th Armoured Brigade was an armoured formation of the Australian Army established during the Second World War.
The 766th Regiment had been successful in establishing a bridgehead and disrupting communications in the initial attack.
The ANZACs, however, had been unable to achieve their obectives, and therefore dug in.
The All Blacks scored five tries, worth three points at this time, to win 15 – 0.
The Augustan History claims that Maeonius was proclaimed emperor for a brief period before being killed by the soldiers.
The Australian Army later ordered 510 Churchills, but none were delivered before the end of the war.
The Australian raven was called wugan by the local Eora and Darug inhabitants of the Sydney Basin.
The Baldwin High School for Boys and the Baldwin High School for Girls were then built in 1880.
The Ball and Theakston series are considered to be when Live & Kicking was at its peak in popularity.
The Battalion remained in the Philippines until April 1991 when it returned to Okinawa, Japan.
The Brigade stood up provisionally on 27 June 2008 as it neared ready status.
The Broncos began the second drive of the fourth quarter by going 80 yards in nine plays for a touchdown.
The Bulls defeated the New York Knicks and the Philadelphia 76ers in the opening two rounds of the playoffs.
The CAA was established as the primary regulatory body for all aviation in the UK in 1972.
The CCF represented many agricultural areas in the Commons, and it proposed several measures to assure financial security for farmers.
The CPR gave him a letter of commendation and a $ 25 cheque in recognition of his heroism.
The Carroll County section of MD 71 was dedicated as Francis Scott Key Highway in 1931.
The Cavaliers dominated the Blue Jays, 19 – 8, in their worst postseason defeat in school history.
The Chamber of Counties was originally composed of three deputies from each of the twenty counties and the city of Zagreb.
The City of Grand Rapids opposed the freeway while the suburbs and townships south and west of the city supported it.
The Commonwealth War Graves Commission records 1759 graves in the cemetery as of 2004.
The Converted Deacon is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company.
The Crypt of the Archbishops is located below the floor of the cathedral beneath the Altar of the Kings.
The Dandenong Rangers won back to back titles in 2011 and 2012.
The Derfflinger class used a similar propulsion system, and as a result of the increased displacement were slightly slower.
The Doctor declares himself the oldest thing in the church and offers himself to the Reaper, who consumes him and disappears.
The Drobil case is on indefinite hiatus for a lack of evidence as of September 2012.
The East End Historic District, located on both sides of Broadway and Market Streets, contains 463 buildings.
The FRELIMO guerrillas were armed with a variety of weapons, many provided by the Soviet Union and China.
The General Assembly of the Church of Scotland had already adopted the Confession without revision in 1647.
The German attitude to underground education varied depending on whether it took place in the General Government or the annexed territories.
The German ships were not spotted until shortly after 4: 00 and Ardent was dispatched to investigate.
The Hebrew Bible was presumably originally written in a more defective orthography than found in any of the texts known today.
The Hecht Museum, with important archeology and art collections, is on the campus of Haifa University.
The Hindu caves contain rock cut stone sculptures, representing the Shaiva Hindu sect, dedicated to the Lord Shiva.
The Hummelfjell Accident killed the pilot and one passenger, but the remaining ten people on board survived.
The Institute was initially established in Dar es Salaam in 1961, although later relocated to Nairobi.
The International Association of Athletics Federations is the global governing body for track and field, and athletics as a whole.
The International became an annual championship tournament in 2012, with the venue changing to Seattle, Washington.
The JTWC issued their final warning on the system at 00: 00 UTC that day accordingly.
The Latchkey is a 1910 American silent short comedy produced by the Thanhouser Company.
The Lords was now faced with the prospect of a Parliament Act, which had considerable support from the Irish Nationalists.
The Melbourne Theatre Company staged a production in December 2011 with Geoffrey Rush as Lady Bracknell.
The Mercedes drivers Rosberg and Hamilton followed, albeit on the medium compound, recording more timed laps than their rivals.
The Moro River runs from the central mountain spine of Italy to the Adriatic coast south of Ortona.
The National Council of Negro Women named her one of five community leaders of the year in 1995.
The National Museum of Forest Service History is constructing the National Conservation Legacy and Education Center in Missoula as well.
The Niclausse boilers were not well suited for use with turbines and burned more coal than the Belleville boilers.
The Norfolk Southern Railway mainline from Harrisburg to Buffalo, New York, runs through the center of Lock Haven.
The One I Love contains twelve independent manga stories, each focusing on an aspect of love and accompanied by an essay.
The Outlaws, recorded with Willie Nelson, Tompall Glaser, and Jessi Colter for RCA.
The Pawnees presented eight horses to the Osages accompanying Pike, and members of the two tribes smoked pipes together.
The Philadelphia Daily News suggested that a Halo comic book would attract readers who had never picked up a comic book before.
The Prime Minister argued that the cost of campaign promises made by the Progressive Conservatives would inevitably drive up the tax rate.
The RCMP felt it had enough evidence to prosecute in five ridings, and a total of twelve people were convicted.
The Stamp Office, later to become the Inland Revenue was established in Somerset House in 1789.
The Swedish group Jerusalem was formed in 1975 and is cited as another early Christian hard rock group.
The Third Street Bridge is the major crossing of the creek, carrying T Third Street light rail line and Third Street.
The USACE began work on ecosystem restoration projects along the lower Missouri River in the early 21st century.
The Undertaker pinned Kamala to win the match, placed him in a coffin, and nailed the lid shut.
The Veerashiva canon of the Kannada language was translated or adapted into Telugu from this time period.
The Winter Dance Party tour began in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on January 23, 1959.
The Winter Games were celebrated every four years on the same year as their summer counterpart, just as the Olympics were.
The Wolfpack proceeded to run out the clock and took a 21 – 10 lead into halftime.
The Wooden Award midseason top 25 list, which included Burke, was announced on January 10.
The above expansion holds because the derivative of ex with respect to x is also ex and e0 equals 1.
The accident caused a landslip that led to the temporary closure of the nearby Bristol to Portishead railway line.
The acquisition will give CP access to shipments of agricultural products and ethanol in addition to coal from the Wyoming coal fields.
The actor Edmund Kean established the Wolf Club at the venue, which is now commemorated by the Wolf Room.
The aim is to give other police officers up to date information on the appearance of people who have broken the law.
The airfield was composed of four runways, still visible on the Boca Campus today and mainly used for parking.
The album also won the 2005 New Pantheon Award — a type of Shortlist Music Prize.
The album peaked within the top 40 in seven countries, and attained top ten positions in Japan and Switzerland.
The alliance results in Seven of Nine and a number of other Borg drones being placed on Voyager and Janeway injured.
The antennal scape is longer than the occipital margin and the antenna is composed of an estimated twelve segments.
The asci are 190 – 225 by 9 – 10 µm.
The assembled rings are lowered into the water and filled with concrete or stone, concrete for the Greens Ledge Light.
The astronomer Edmund Halley noted this and the problems it would cause for navigation in 1701.
The athlete retains the use of abdominal muscles and trunk extensor muscles, especially those muscle attaching to the pelvis.
The attack went in at 05: 30 on 22 December but failed in desperate fighting.
The availability of repeats during the 1960s and 1970s varied among regions.
The band has had 14 top ten songs on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and nine Grammy Award nominations.
The bar does not go back to a lower height except to break a tie for first place or a qualifying position.
The base of the fruit body is concave to vaulted in shape, and often covered with adhering dirt.
The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and had to withdraw.
The berm consisted of large tank ditches, berms of dirt, electrified fencing, and razor wire.
The biblical view of the late Iron Age political and cultural map describes it as a set of branching genealogies.
The brand has also sponsored college sports programs such as those of North Carolina, Cal, Georgetown, and Marquette.
The bridge which carries the A272 road has two wide arches, and was of ashlar construction.
The bus journey from the main line station at Penrith to Keswick takes a scheduled 47 minutes.
The campus was designed by the architect of Brasília and United Nations Headquarters in New York, Oscar Niemeyer.
The cast includes other past cast members of SNL including Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, and Amy Poehler.
The centromere is required for binding spindle fibres to separate sister chromatids into daughter cells during cell division.
The chapels contain ornate altars, altarpieces, retablos, paintings, furniture and sculptures.
The children in the kindergarten modelled for the Flower Fairies until the kindergarten closed in 1940.
The church is still in use as part of the Church in Wales, one of four churches in a combined parish.
The church was built in the Gothic style, and has historically been associated with the Stanley family of Alderley.
The churchyard had several gravestones added, including the large box tomb which is a focus of several scenes.
The city also holds annual the Garden City Brewfest and Winterfest, and also periodically hosts the Montana Brewers Festival.
The city is located in an area in which the Pampero and the Sudestada winds pass by.
The closely related species Verpa conica typically has a smooth cap, although specimens with wrinkled caps are known.
The coast was divided between Able, west of Omaha, to Rodger on the eastern flank of the invasion area.
The colony obtained its first artillery in 1847 with the arrival of six field guns of various types.
The color is yellow or yellowish near the top, and deep orange or with orange tinges towards the base.
The committee announced the qualifying teams and the seeding order on Sunday, May 3, 2009.
The company has been led since 2011 by David Pountney as chief executive and artistic director.
The company has to recognise that it is a part of society and it must accept the responsibility which comes with that.
The composer conducted, and the leads were sung by two professional guest stars, Richard Lewis and Elsie Morison.
The concession was made conditional that Braathens SAFE built a technical base at Stavanger Airport, Sola.
The conference ended with a signed agreement calling for the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops in exchange for the cessation of armed confrontation.
The conflict with the Skidis probably took place sometime between 1770 and 1775.
The contestants were presented with a question and a list of four answers which needed to be put in a specific order.
The convict gets in a carriage and leaps away, successfully eluding all the pursuers except for a little girl.
The corrector had an overall command of the Roman armies and authority over the Roman provincial governors in the designated region.
The cost of living in Sarnia, however, is significantly lower than it is in Ontario as a whole.
The crew had intended to seek cover at the position, but instead used the gun to engage the paratroopers.
The current king and the resident of the fort is Anant Narayan Singh, since 1971.
The current state flag of West Virginia consists of a pure white field bordered on four sides by a stripe of blue.
The cyclone moved slowly to the east and did not further intensify before dissipating on September 13.
The day after her final performance in the play she miscarried and entered a period of depression that lasted for months.
The deal was at that time the largest in baseball history, in terms of both total value and average annual salary.
The departure of the air force in 1947 would leave Boca Raton Army Airfield essentially abandoned.
The design was created by Michael Westmore, who deliberately created it so it did not represent any particular tribal culture.
The deterioration of his health becomes increasingly evident — one of his visitors describes his face as that of a dead man.
The discography of LiSA includes three studio albums, one extended play, ten singles, and five video albums.
The divines were even more strongly opposed to Catholicism than to William Laud and his followers, the Laudians.
The documentary discusses incidents that shed a negative light on Wikipedia, including the Essjay controversy and the Wikipedia biography controversy.
The dolphins are also thought to have been harpooned off South Africa, but the numbers are not considered large.
The driver said that his team had more work to do on his car and was looking forward to the next race.
The earliest Missoulians drew their water directly from the Clark Fork River or nearby Rattlesnake Creek.
The earliest disposition that survives is for the Diego de Sebaldos organ built in 1655.
The early castle was substantially different from the extant remains and no trace of this first castle survives at the site.
The early screening of the first episode at New York Comic Con was met by a very positive reaction from the crowd.
The editor of Wisden believed the change encouraged batsmen to take more risks, and had produced more attractive cricket.
The electricians changed the lines, creating a short circuit which resulted in the death of one of the unit members.
The emergence of skyscrapers was made possible by technological improvements during the middle of the 19th century.
The energy released by this reaction is in millions of electron volts, which is actually only a tiny amount of energy.
The entire town of Frank was claimed to have been buried, though much of the town itself was unscathed.
The entire western gable between the towers was reconstructed and the main west doorway and chapterhouse were refashioned.
The entrance was rebuilt in 1968, with the original being moved to the Victoria and Albert Museum.
The episode ends with Lisa finally being able to solve the brain teaser she was unable to finish earlier in the episode.
The episode first aired on May 1, 2008 on the NBC network in the United States.
The episode opens with a musical number in which the members of Quahog sing about what they want for Christmas.
The evacuation by train from Romani was carried out in a manner which caused much suffering and shock to the wounded.
The existence of a corona appears to be dependent on a convective zone in the outer layers of the star.
The experience of Mennonite COs was instrumental in creating regional mental health facilities in California, Kansas and Maryland.
The extension allowed the Green Arrow Association to promote the whole length of the Green Arrow Route with a single highway number.
The extension to the southeast is of lesser quality than the rest of the circuit and was built at an unknown date.
The extratropical remnants persisted into Quebec before merging with a larger extratropical system late on September 3.
The facility went into full commercial operation in December 2009, with 20 MW of power.
The facility will have 250 room, 20 operating suites and 54 intensive care beds.
The fight went the distance, but Woodhouse lost 37 – 36 on points over six rounds.
The film earned about ₹ 289 million worldwide, on a budget of ₹ 700 million.
The film gives an overview of the history of the enterprise, as well as biographical information on founder Jimmy Wales.
The film grossed $ 43 million in the United States and over $ 111 million worldwide.
The film is set in 2034, two years after the events of 2nd GIG.
The film likely saw a wide national release, advertisements in theaters are known in Indiana, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania.
The film revived the career of Burt Reynolds, and provided breakout roles for Mark Wahlberg and Julianne Moore.
The film was one of the few Disney animated features produced and shot in 70mm anamorphic format.
The film was produced as a counterpoint to the unauthorized Cynthia Mort film, and featured previously unreleased archival footage.
The film was released in the United States under the name of Shattered, and in Europe as Desperate Hours.
The final game of the round featured intrastate rivals Duke and North Carolina in their third meeting of the season.
The final group had their leave cut short after only three days, however, when they were recalled by urgent telegram.
The first acceptable strike, after adjustments to the press, was coined at 3: 17 p.m.
The first attempt to drain the region was made by real estate developer Hamilton Disston in 1881.
The first boat of the class, INS Arihant is expected to be commissioned by 2016.
The first dent in this stability came about in 1607, with the Case of Prohibitions.
The first dent to morale came after about a week when the volunteers were first issued ranks in the Rhodesian Army.
The first edition to carry the new feature appeared on 1 May, six weeks after the couple returned from Paris.
The first major event was the 1998 Memorial Cup, the championship game of the Canadian Hockey League.
The first route ran from Oslo to Cairo via Copenhagen and Paris on 30 January 1947.
The first session, at Easley Studios in Memphis, Tennessee, was engineered by Davis McCain and Doug Easley.
The first technological high school in Israel, Bosmat, was established in Haifa in 1933.
The first was based on the visual novel and was released on September 22, 2005.
The flag is flown continuously on the buildings of the highest national authorities, such as the parliament and the presidential palace.
The flag of Poland consists of two horizontal stripes of equal width, the upper one white and the lower one red.
The fledglings seek out siblings if separated, and huddle together for up to three weeks after fledging.
The floods left thousands of people stranded and killed at least 326 people in the Tampico area.
The following day, Chris Rumph was hired by Coach Saban from Clemson to replace Davis as defensive line coach.
The following day, former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace Pendry as offensive line coach.
The following season the fans called for the board to resign as Villa finished 16th in the Second Division.
The following year, four more restaurants were added: Støren, Myrdal, Dokka and Hell.
The following year, he published a description of the species in Journal and Proceedings of the Royal Society of Western Australia.
The following year, the Annals of Tigernach states that Echmarcach succeeded Ímar.
The forest contains several subranges of the Rocky Mountains, including the Boise, Salmon River, and West mountain ranges.
The forest operates a fire management plan under federal fire policy that gives fire personnel direction for responding to unintended ignitions.
The formal parade ground or manning parade lies between the rear walls and barracks, and the raised terreplein.
The freeway runs north of, and parallel to, the Kalamazoo River through eastern Calhoun County.
The full scale of the epidemic – and that the virus had been silently emerging over several decades – was not known.
The fur lining of her dress is painted in a range of greys running from almost pure white to pure black.
The future of clean tech is going to be, in many ways, about scaling up manufacturing and driving down costs.
The game also includes more vocal options for singing and rapping to songs, and a freestyle mode for players.
The game uses the same version of the engine used in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, with minor changes.
The game was demoed on an Xbox 360 but was planned for release on the PlayStation 4.
The game was well received by critics, who praised its combat, pacing, and use of the Third Edition rules.
The glass in a south window in the chancel of 1909 was made by Morris & Co.
The gold on the cloth is rendered with a variety of impasto, grid and dots of varying colour and size.
The government assumed that COs could be converted into soldiers once they were exposed to life in their assigned military camps.
The government fears that if they converge on a single state, they could win a seat in the United States Senate.
The grandeur of the building make it a popular location for feature films and television series set in the Georgian period.
The grieving goddess revived Eshmun and transported him to the heavens where she made him into a god of heaven.
The ground assault met little opposition, credited in part to the air bombardment in the days leading up to it.
The group were paid three cents for each record sold, which was split equally amongst the five brothers and their drummer.
The group, who were backing their album Monkey Business, ended up touring with Stefani until November 14.
The guttural phonemes / ħ ʕ h ʔ / merged over time in some dialects.
The high winds damaged roofs on all three islands, and rough seas caused beach erosion and significant damage to coastal facilities.
The highway ended at the State Ferry Docks on the southeast side of the city next to the Coast Guard station.
The highway proceeds north, traveling through several miles of pine forest, in a valley in the Kenai Mountain range.
The hills surrounding the cove where the ANZACs landed made the beach safe from direct fire Turkish artillery.
The historical Manuela Sáenz left Thorne after Bolívar wrote declaring his undying love for her.
The holotype is currently preserved at the Bernardino Rivadavia Natural Sciences Museum palaeoentomological collection.
The host spectrum of the Amylostereaceae comprises several, partially very different genera of Coniferae.
The idea for the episode was pitched by the Simpsons writing staff, who wanted to make an episode in which Mr.
The image of Mariana used by Tennyson and the later works are equally of a woman who is weary.
The infestation through wood wasps does not assume greater dimensions and is, compared with other pests, almost insignificant.
The initial design work was carried out by the civil engineer Langley Edwards, on loan from the Witham Commissioners.
The initial outbreak occurred in December 2013 in Meliandou, a village in southern Guinea.
The intensification briefly stalled as the eyewall eroded and the center of the storm became slightly elliptical.
The inverse of x can be denoted by x − 1 and follows all the usual rules for exponents.
The jihad created a valuable supply of slaves from the defeated peoples that may have provided a motive for further conquests.
The job fell to Nintendo R & D1, a development team led by Game Boy inventor Gunpei Yokoi.
The judging committee rejected 17 of the 22 plans submitted, on the grounds of appearance or cost.
The last segment opened to the public in 1972 when Indiana completed their connection across the state line.
The length of the telomeres decreases each time the genome is replicated and has been implicated in the aging process.
The letters are large, round and narrow, without spiritus asper, spiritus lenis, or accents.
The limited studies that have been done on the subject support that double bagging is likely not harmful and possibly beneficial.
The line opened for goods traffic in 1864, and the following year it began to carry passengers.
The location where the type specimen was collected is not recorded, but thought to be in the Parramatta district.
The loss kept Michigan from its first undefeated home season since the 1976 – 77 team.
The magazine Inside Lacrosse called the Terrapins a talented team that had underachieved during the regular season.
The main armor belt dropped down to the main deck from the upper deck abreast the aft turret to reduce weight.
The main cause of the steep declines in much of Europe is the loss of nests and chicks from early mowing.
The main objective of the Communists was to draw off American troops into the countryside in preparation for the Tet Offensive.
The main role of the 4th Armoured Brigade was to provide detachments of tanks to support infantry units.
The majority of holsters were made in civilian owned tanneries with some ink stamped with arsenal and inspection marks.
The majority of storms form between June and November while tropical cyclone formation is at a minimum between December and May.
The majority of style guides now prescribe the use of a single space after terminal punctuation in final written works and publications.
The majority opinion was authored by Judge Brown, joined by Judges Comstock, Paige, Shankland, and Bowen.
The marriage did not produce any issue, though Ernest apparently fathered at least three illegitimate children in later years.
The marriage therefore required a special licence, issued by the Bishop of Worcester, which the couple had failed to obtain.
The maxilla of Paranthodon preserves the tooth row, and shows that there is little to no overhang.
The mean travel time to work for employees who were at least 16 years old was 16 minutes.
The miner stands on the right with a pickax and, behind him, an anvil and sledge hammer.
The most common initial response to alarm calls is to stay in the area and scan for threats, rather than withdraw.
The most enduring of these projects was the Pentagon, which is today one of the most recognizable buildings in the world.
The most frequently impacted areas of the Philippines by tropical cyclones are northern and central Luzon and eastern Visayas.
The most important known placer deposit of niobium and tantalum in the United States is located in Bear Valley.
The most intense storm of the season was Hurricane Ellen, a Category 3 cyclone that remained over open water.
The music was composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto, who had also worked on the previous Valkyria Chronicles games.
The names of the sky goddess Nut and the earth god Geb do not resemble the Egyptian terms for sky and earth.
The nave is circular, surrounded by five pairs of columns and five oval domes alternating with ogival apses.
The nave of the church, which has two bays, was probably built in the 12th century.
The nearest car park to Coldrum Lane can be found off of Pinesfield Lane in Trottiscliffe.
The negative powers of 2 are commonly used, and the first two have special names: half, and quarter.
The neighborhood of Wadi Salib, located in the heart of downtown Haifa, is being redeveloped.
The new Emperor was not eager to alter this arrangement: he was under forty and at the height of his power.
The new collation of the Gothic text was given by Carla Falluomini in 1999.
The new consumer groups entering the market had low willingness to pay, and the demand for premium charter services was low.
The new provider of every franchise across the rail network will have to provide staff at all times the station is open.
The newspaper was the bulwark of the Indian National Congress and is still a major newspaper of Hindi northern India.
The next day, after a final Mass, the coffin was laid on a gun carriage pulled by CGT officials.
The next month, during an interview with the Saturday Evening Post, Nixon flatly denied he was running for president.
The next schedule, which began on 18 June, filmed in London and Belfast for 60 days.
The next season, Stoudemire suffered a serious knee injury, and Johnson and Quentin Richardson were traded away.
The next three storms – Hurricanes Edith and Flora and Tropical Storm Five – caused very minor or no impact.
The ninth of ten children, Ross grew up speaking both English and Ojibwe, a native Canadian language.
The northern terminus of PA 261 was moved to its current location by 1980.
The object on the right seated on legs alongside a box is likely a small pitcher, possibly a reliquary.
The only basis for identifying the eighth tropical cyclone of the season was from a report by the bark Crescent Wave.
The only differences he found between them were the development of the vertebrae, and the proportions of the limbs.
The operations were conducted by VII Corps and XVIII Airborne Corps, which had significant engineer assets of their own.
The other parts of this estate were Crompton, Glodwick, Sholver, and Werneth.
The owners realized if they suspended Ross, they would also have to suspend all those he signed, hurting the league.
The pact will see the Chinese authorities reconstruct the National Theatre of Somalia in addition to several other major infrastructural landmarks.
The painting was bought in 1832 by Robert Vernon to form part of his collection of British art.
The paralympics allow people with special needs a chance to heal their injuries and take part in the games.
The parents have been unemployed, but the film starts with the parents finding work in an upcoming production at a theater.
The partial snout resembles Stegosaurus in its large posterior premaxillary process and the extension of the palate.
The pattern began as early as 1966 when the ALPAC report appeared criticizing machine translation efforts.
The peculiar velocities associated with galaxies superimpose a rough trace of the mass of virialized objects in the Universe.
The performance was directed and taped by Bruce Gowers and was later used as a promotional clip to accompany the song.
The person who criticises without understanding the prima facie view is acting like a jester and not a critic.
The player character is Michel Ardan, an eccentric and intrepid French scientist who is enthusiastic, daring and cheerful.
The player controls Milo, Audrey, Molière, and Vinny as they traverse Atlantis, unlocking its secrets.
The players are not trying to bulldoze the NHA, but we want to know where we get off at.
The popular Italian repertoire remained the core of the annual seasons, mostly directed by the head of production, John Moody.
The populations of wading birds had been reduced by 90 percent from the 1940s.
The portion of the highway that connected Hope to the campgrounds was created in the 1970s.
The praemaxilla actually does touch the lacrimal and extends to the rear until well behind the eye socket.
The presbyterians for the most part preferred a fixed liturgy while congregationalists favoured extemporaneous prayer.
The presence of noisy miners was accompanied by a substantial difference in number and types of other birds found in the woodland.
The presence of the minerals may have been the result of a collision with an asteroid or comet according to the scientists.
The presence of this control on numbers of the parasitic species may explain why birds are prepared to reuse old nests.
The presidential elections are regulated by the constitution and dedicated legislation; the latter defines technical details, appeals and similar issues.
The process continued down through the celestial spheres until the sphere of the Moon, its soul, and a final intelligence.
The progenitor cells are differentiated stem cells with specific direction and purpose to become the future building blocks of the body.
The project was abandoned after Italy became involved in World War II, and as a result of limited Spanish industrial capacity.
The prominent bookseller Andrew Millar is an example of one of the most successful publishers who owned a shop there.
The province of Alberta was not created until September 1905, more than two years after the slide.
The pulsar at the heart of the Crab nebula, for example, rotates 30 times per second.
The putsch was spearheaded by Major General Mohamed Siad Barre, who at the time commanded the army.
The puzzle is considered by many gamers and publications to be one of the most challenging video game puzzles of all time.
The pyramids of Ancient Egypt are tombs constructed with deliberately chosen proportions, but which these were has been debated.
The quarterfinals took place over the weekend of May 16 to 17 at two neutral sites.
The reaction is diastereoselective favoring trans substitution in the product regardless of the initial stereochemistry.
The record became a hit, reaching several European charts, including a top 10 placement in the United Kingdom.
The referee ruled a scrum to Wales and the score did not change; Wales winning 3 – 0.
The reliefs on the east portal show a ship carrying the four apostles, with Saint Peter at the helm.
The remainder of the 10th Battalion was deploying to Trebinje at the time the rebellion broke out.
The remnant system curved eastward and passed over Newfoundland before dissipating over the Atlantic on September 19.
The reservations in Wisconsin were named the Lac Courte Oreilles Indian Reservation, Lac du Flambeau Indian Reservation.
The result, Smith hoped, would yield farmland suitable for corn, sugar, rice, cotton, and tobacco.
The river avulsed, or changed its course, near where it met with the Msunduzi River.
The road between Frostburg and Mount Savage is particularly curvy, and includes several hairpin turns near Frostburg.
The roadway also provides access to the Ionia State Recreation Area and a state harbor on Lake Charlevoix.
The roadway continues south as MD 26, which crosses the Monocacy River on its way toward Frederick.
The route continues toward the hamlet of Flemingville, where the Owego Creek splits into western and eastern branches.
The route passes through several blocks of commercial and residential development up to Grant Street, where it begins to taper off.
The route was extended north along Valley Brook Road to US 1 in Chester Heights by 1940.
The sale was completed on May 30, 2014 for $ 210 million.
The scene takes place during a power failure, with the headlights of motorcycles chasing the protagonist the only sources of light.
The season ran from 1 July 2013 to 30 June 2014.
The second, a barque, the Prinze Frederik Carl, sustained damage to all of its sails.
The second, the Detroit Industrial Expressway, continued the route of the Willow Run Expressway eastward into Detroit.
The section between Svendstuen and Frognerseteren gradually became known as Korktrekkeren.
The section is characterized by the presence of thick longitudinal ridges on the cap that can be simple or forked.
The series was commercially successful and appeared in the top slot of The New York Times Graphic Books bestsellers list.
The series was later released by Universal J to two DVD compilation volumes from February to March 2003.
The shapes are said to be evocative of natural forms such as the prow of a ship or praying hands.
The ship departed on 18 April, bound for Malta to deposit the Russians, before returning to Constantinople.
The ship is placed at risk of destruction because of the potential failure of the containment fields on the antimatter pods.
The ship received an overhaul at Gibraltar between 17 November and 15 December 1937.
The ship was built at a cost of 59 million gold marks, the most expensive of the three vessels.
The ship was completed in June 1904 and sent to French Indochina for her first commission.
The ship was refitted at Chatham from 20 July to 3 September 1934.
The ships, much smaller than their contemporaries, and slower than cruisers, were not particularly useful warships.
The single reel film was directed by Allen Curtis and released on October 29, 1913.
The single spent three weeks at number one in the United Kingdom and fifteen weeks in the top 100.
The single that headlined the album became a hit for Jennings, and was his first approach to Outlaw Country.
The situation was that Mahesh had to go to a pub to get information about the person he was looking for.
The size of the tooth puncture marks also helps distinguish kills made by cougars from those made by smaller predators.
The small William and Mary style house was completed sometime between 1698 and 1700.
The small window at the east end of the church dates from the latter part of the 15th century.
The song has the following chord progression, E ♭ 5 — D5 — E ♭ 5.
The song peaked on the US Hot Digital Songs chart at number 28, spending seven weeks on the chart.
The song was released on 25 September 2015, as the second single from the album.
The songs were released on 20 June 2014 by Muzik 247.
The southern glacis section was removed during sand mining and construction of the caravan park, both after World War II.
The southward move marked the end of the Northern Song and the beginning of the Southern Song era of Chinese history.
The species is thought to have been driven to extinction around 1710 – 1715.
The species is widespread, being known in its natural habitat from all five continents, but is not found in abundance.
The species was exterminated twice in Crimea, once after the Russian Civil War, and again after World War II.
The specific epithet was chosen by Dlussky to honour paleoentomologist Sonja Wedmann.
The sporangia are filled towards the top with plasmatic granules, which diminish increasingly towards the base.
The springs ceased to flow at some time after the land came under cultivation in the 1870s.
The stanza forms of the poem is a combination of elements from Petrarchan sonnets and Shakespearean sonnets.
The state experienced budget shortages because of low tax revenues, which forced Jennings to pursue other means of financing the projects.
The stellar temperature will determine the rate of ionization of various elements, resulting in characteristic absorption lines in the spectrum.
The sternum is small and has a low, vestigial keel and a shortened spina externa.
The stigma against victims of these diseases was so great that many hospitals refused to treat people who had syphilis.
The storm is estimated to have organized into a tropical depression at 0000 UTC on September 8.
The storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone the next day while making another landfall on New Brunswick.
The storm turned southwestward due to a building ridge, and concurrently it intensified to become Subtropical Storm Alpha.
The strengthening of a deep, persistent monsoon trough contributed to cyclogenesis, and a low pressure area formed.
The structure of a gene consists of many elements of which the actual protein coding sequence is often only a small part.
The style of the band, a mixture of Country and Western and Bluegrass music, was often not well received.
The substitution pattern on aryl reagents can heavily influence the selectivity of the reaction as per the criteria above.
The sum is then a third arrow that goes directly from the start of the first to the end of the second.
The survivors formed their own association, the St Nazaire Society, which is a registered charity in the United Kingdom.
The syndicated Millionaire also conducts open casting calls in various locations across the United States to search for potential contestants.
The system slowly tracked northeastward before dissipating on June 26 southeast of the North – South Carolina border.
The tail behind the stings has alternating black and white bands of variable width, ending with black at the tip.
The term nṯr may have applied to any being that was in some way outside the sphere of everyday life.
The theory was that the animals could swim deep in the water, and use the crest to store air to breath.
The third and final part returns to a calmer tone, focussing on drums and jazz woodwind instruments.
The third match of the night saw Kane in a match with Edge, during which both men took the upper hand.
The thorax and abdomen are segmented and have a rigid cuticle made up of overlapping plates composed of chitin.
The three pairs of claws are covered with hairs in Homarinus, while those of Homarus are hairless.
The three planes delivered in 1979 had extended range tanks making direct flights to the Canary Islands possible.
The top left diagram is a polar view that shows the location of Ceres in the gap between Mars and Jupiter.
The town of Madison was officially platted by Barnes in 1870 or 1871.
The track was written for the 2000 film Mission: Impossible II, and appeared on its soundtrack.
The train then makes a right turn into a second, shorter, brake run which leads straight back to the station.
The transformation of a solitary individual into a swarming one is induced by several contacts per minute over a short period.
The troops from this glider became involved in a fire fight with German troops heading to reinforce the battery garrison.
The true extent of his duplicity Marjory did not entirely reveal, despite her honesty in all other manners.
The two Acts may be cited together as the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949.
The two ships quickly departed in different directions; Suffolk followed Karlsruhe and other cruisers were ordered to intercept her.
The two turnpikes issuing from Ceresville were connected to Frederick by the Frederick and Woodsboro Turnpike.
The understanding of proteins as polypeptides came through the work of Franz Hofmeister and Hermann Emil Fischer.
The video opens with a fast instance of a sun rising in the sky and moves to the girls standing nude together.
The water regularly spills over the fountain and down the sides of the towers and intermittently spouts from the nozzle.
The wave entered the northeastern Pacific Ocean on June 16, where it generated an area of increased cloudiness.
The whole land forces structure was reorganized from armies into territorial corps, and from regiments into battalions.
The wolf has been a protected animal in Romania since 1996, although the law is not enforced.
The work stayed in private holdings until it was rediscovered in the 20th century by William Stead.
The work was completed in 1794, and many of the bridges built at that time still survive.
The wrecksite is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.
The writer and Wein argued over changing the ending, and when Moore refused to give in, Wein quit the book.
The writer came up with the character names and descriptions, but left the specifics of how they looked to Gibbons.
The young leave the nest before they are fully fledged, and only able to fly downwards, and scramble up.
Theatre Works issued in 2009, featuring Charles Busch, James Marsters and Andrea Bowen.
Their breeding depends on the location; it typically peaks in spring, but may continue all year round in warm climates.
Their first release on this label, Tales of Tales, topped at 18 on the Japanese Heavy Metal Charts.
Their hopes rested on urging the local populace to support the insurgency, in order to force a negotiated independence from Lisbon.
Their interest encouraged him to publish his notes, Of Colours, which he later expanded into the work Opticks.
Their third album, Alice in Chains, was released in 1995 and has been certified double platinum.
Then, the train enters the first of two corkscrews which are separated by a banked left turn.
There Taylor asked for an end to the persistent changes in leadership, and Khánh and his men assured him of stability.
There are 47 wet days annually, which are associated with a 12 % daily probability of rainfall.
There are a total of four burial grounds in and around the church, two of which are burials for priests.
There are also issues with substrate scope, most having limitations with methylene transfer and aliphatic aldehydes.
There are also two independent Christian elementary schools in Sarnia — Sarnia Christian School and Temple Christian Academy.
There are those of us who have been talking about plans for the next 12 to 18 months.
There could be similarities between my film and that Japanese film, but my film is neither an adaptation nor a copy.
There does not seem to be evidence for stress in the Secunda varying from that of the Tiberian tradition.
There is a record of a corn crake on migration through Gabon being killed by a black sparrowhawk.
There is also a sizable population in western China, but this species nests only rarely in northern Spain and in Turkey.
There is an ancient tree, the Birnam Oak, standing a few hundred metres from the centre of Birnam.
There is an inverse relationship between tropical cyclone activity in the western Pacific basin and the north Atlantic basin, however.
There was more risk of losing them and if the rubber ring was too tight, it would constrict the penis.
There was some confusion at first whether the statement applied only to homosexual prostitutes and thus not to heterosexual intercourse at all.
There were also two glazed dragons, each biting an end of the rooftop ridge, its tail pointing to the sky.
There were artists who performed for the Polish forces in the West as well as for the Polish forces in the East.
There were exceptions to this traditional spacing method — some printers used spacing between sentences that was no wider than word spacing.
There were many successful programs and new directions in the late 50s and 1960s.
There, she put her younger brother and sister through school, while studying stenography and working for a living.
Thereafter, Uleki underwent a sudden period of rapid intensification and achieved major hurricane status later that day.
Therefore, it appears that Zhou died in late 1121, before the call to arms was issued.
These activities include testing new systems for use during deployments, remodeling infrastructure around the fort, and training on personal safety.
These air masses originate from the South Pacific high and move in a northeastern direction during winter towards Buenos Aires by passing.
These are remnants of the universal veil, a membrane that encloses the entire mushroom when it is still very young.
These compounds, the chlorides, sulfates, nitrates, are soluble in water or polar organic solvent.
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
These factors are believed to have driven the Réunion ibis to extinction by the early 18th century.
These had glass cockpits, and Braathens SAFE would be among the first airlines to receive both models.
These horses are either taken directly to slaughter or are placed at holding farms for later slaughter or adoption by private homes.
These ideas were expressed with language drawn from Christian eschatology, the New Age movement, and American popular culture.
These include Alectoria ochroleuca, Rinodian parasitica and Cladonia trassii.
These included Essex House, Arundel House, Somerset House, Savoy Palace, Durham House and Cecil House.
These included extending the Palestine railway system to Wadi El Arish, with a good motor road beside the railway.
These mounts had the three breeches too close together and the 23 loaders tended to interfere with one another.
These observations led Don Merton to speculate for the first time that the kakapo had a lek breeding system.
These orbs allow Spidy to perform feats he is otherwise incapable of, including traveling underwater and jumping to extreme heights.
These remains were examined by Sir Arthur Keith, the conservator of the museum at the Royal College of Surgeons.
These trades netted the Yankees such stars as Bullet Joe Bush, Joe Dugan and George Pipgras.
These traits suggest that the fungus is a moderate pathogen, with limited ability to cause reductions in seed germination.
These transformations will empower the player with extra abilities in a song such as constant score multipliers or Star Power bonuses.
These were used by the corporate executives and were usually lavishly outfitted in a range of traditional and exotic styles.
They also contested the final in 2007, losing 15 – 6 to South Africa.
They also initiated a hearts and minds campaign, named the Aldeamentos Programme, which was a forced relocation program.
They also stated that they were willing to fly all domestic routes without subsidies, granted that they were awarded all routes.
They are the size of a large Goose, and are white, with the tips of the wings and tail black.
They are usually very tolerant snakes, even when handled, and rarely bite or hiss, unlike most vipers.
They can exist for minutes or years with an average lifespan of 1 – 2 days in mammalian cells.
They could traverse at a rate of 12 ° per second and elevate at 10 ° per second.
They destroyed much of the work, as well as buildings and crops, and burnt Skirbeck Sluice.
They eventually won all their Championship matches, conceding only two tries in the process, to claim another Grand Slam.
They fought several defensive actions before being overwhelmed and taken into captivity on 12 March 1942.
They had reached the rendezvous and waited until 10: 00 for the destroyers to appear.
They left the Wairopi area on 16 November, with the battalion second in order of march.
They met Premier League side Swansea City in the final at Wembley, but lost 0 – 5.
They occasionally inhabit open forests and woodlands and are sometimes found in shrubby areas such as Australian heathland.
They operate at either 325 or 422 nm in fluorescence microscopes and various laboratory experiments.
They quickly notice that the spaceliner is filled with such notoriously obnoxious and mediocre celebrities as radio psychologist Dr.
They redeployed back to Marjah December 2011 and returned July 2012.
They released Rainbowland in 1995, and after that the band was signed to Treasure Hunt Records.
They sang the song on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on February 22, 2011.
They sought crowdfunding from Kickstarter, but later canceled and put the project on hiatus in October 2009.
They stayed at the fort for a week in 1938, before repatriation could be arranged.
They tore their clothes on sawgrass, ruined their boots on the uneven limestone floor, and were plagued by mosquitoes.
They were able to create more tracks with greater detail to them due to the expanded storage capacities of the PS2.
They were first taken to La Baule and then sent to Stalag 133 at Rennes.
They were keen investors in the local area and at one time, were supporting 42 % of the population.
They were led by a Composite Regiment, which moved off at once, the remainder of the brigade preparing to follow.
They were reduced to harbor defense ships by the outbreak of World War I, and they spent the war in Venice.
They were replaced by Edward Hare as Surveyor of Works, with Chapman and Strattard continuing as assistants.
They were the first major artist to hold a concert in the city after the end of the Bosnian War.
They will use it to defend their own counter actions when they try to shatter criticism and crush critics without mercy.
They wrote books about each trip and Fanny frequently commented on the state of the lives of women that she saw.
This also provided the artisans with a new wealth, which they used to build their own large funerary complexes.
This association is caused by geochemical similarity between zinc and cadmium, with no geological process likely to separate them.
This became known as English spacing, and marked a divergence from French typists, who continued to use French spacing.
This came about due to a 2003 constitutional amendment which allowed the parliament to make military service optional.
This community also saw close collaboration between architects, specialist structural engineers and building contractors emerge on the new skyscraper projects.
This contained six coffins, four of which contained the bodies of the first and second Lords Stanley and their wives.
This developed into the controversial Bodyline tactics he used in Australia in 1932 – 33.
This dichotomy has prevailed with the North Side feeling neglected by the city while the South Hills became an upscale neighborhood.
This differs from ankylosaurians, where there is a large amount of overhang of the maxilla.
This environmentally important trait can be found in bacteria of nearly all the metabolic types listed above, but is not universal.
This gives a ratio of width to length of 4: 9, and the same for height to width.
This has long been considered one of the sharpest and most problematic, or even foolhardy, opening lines.
This in turn allows the player to progress in the level by opening doors or allowing them to reach previously inaccessible areas.
This increase in working women became one of the few times in history where women were praised for work outside the home.
This is a major form of regulation in eukaryotic cells and also occurs in some prokaryotes.
This is accomplished by many techniques, including use of low noise components and proprietary noise reducing technologies such as Dolby.
This is the most critical stage of the hunt, as wolves may never catch up with prey running at top speed.
This led to the decision to reinforce the deck armour of existing battleships throughout the 1930s.
This low relative mass might be caused by a core that is of low mass or that is not present at all.
This marked the first time that Federer had beaten the top 2 players in the world at the same tournament.
This means that although precipitation is needed to stimulate plant growth, prolonged periods of cloudy weather will slow nymphal development.
This meant that they could be deployed outside of Australian territory even though they were not 2nd AIF units.
This mill house is a grade II listed structure, and was built of clunch in 1770.
This money was explicitly denied to Thomas Quiney unless he were to bestow on Judith lands of equal value.
This process of breaking and reforming items in the inventory comprises a large portion of the puzzle aspect of the game.
This regulatory mechanism occurs in the case of glycolysis, a cellular pathway for breaking down glucose to produce energy.
This requires the IPC to supervise and coordinate the World Championships and other competitions for each of the nine sports it regulates.
This results in compression of the implanted Xe to pressures that may be sufficient for its liquefaction or solidification.
This rule was introduced to reduce the amount of physical jostling between runners in the early stages of the race.
This species is also often caught incidentally in bottom trawls, on longlines, and in fish traps.
This species is omnivorous, taking a wide range of invertebrates, as well as seeds and fruit.
This still makes it the oldest tree in Europe, although there is an older Norway Spruce root system in Sweden.
This storm, named Delia, became the first known cyclone to make landfall in the same city twice.
This system did not intensify, remaining a weak depression and dissipated on July 21 without affecting land.
This time she accompanied Ark Royal and the two carriers flew off their fighters from a position south of Sardinia.
This was compounded by Croatian claims of uninterrupted statehood since the early Middle Ages as a basis for a modern state.
This was favorably received by the Osages and Kanzas, but apparently caused distress to the Pawnees.
This was made even more problematic by the confusion generated by the lack of adequate communications systems between the rapidly advancing units.
This was unexpected, because large bodies in the asteroid belt do not typically emit vapor, a hallmark of comets.
This went unnoticed until a man attempted to purchase the island, and then made attempted to establish claim to the island.
This work also demonstrated that the motion of objects on Earth and of celestial bodies could be described by the same principles.
Those awarded the medal after October 23, 2002, receive a Medal of Honor Flag.
Those following Nixon noted that during this period, he seemed more relaxed and easygoing than in his past political career.
Those missions gave the military the opportunity to map land that seemed to frustrate and confound them at every turn.
Those who had suffered losses due to the revolution would be the indemnified, and there would be a general amnesty.
Though less widely applied, the reaction has a similar substrate scope and functional group tolerance to the carbonyl equivalent.
Though not active as a Christian place of worship, it has been open for visitors since 1985.
Though the extent of his injuries was never disclosed, Dylan said that he broke several vertebrae in his neck.
Three Thunderbirds features were produced: Thunderbirds to the Rescue, Thunderbirds In Outer Space and Countdown to Disaster.
Three other people were swept away at the mouth of the Wailua River, all of whom were quickly rescued.
Throughout his early career, although determined to become a musician, Beer found it difficult to decide between playing and composition.
Throughout the next day, the system gradually developed an eye within the central dense overcast, leading to further strengthening.
Thus, older stars such as the Sun have a much slower rate of rotation and a lower level of surface activity.
Thus, though Bedell had not farmed in his life, he would take steps in Congress to benefit farmers.
Ties were broken based on how much time a contestant had banked when they had walked away from the game.
Tischendorf used abbreviations for the nomina sacra, he did not leave any lacunae.
To address the problem, and redress the balance for bowlers, the MCC made some alterations to the laws.
To complete the transaction, Washington sent Sisler to the Reds as that player named on November 28.
To ensure compliance, Fort Mohave was constructed near the site of the battle in April 1859.
To prevent the danger of fallen wires, officials shut off the power grid in several municipalities in northern Veracruz.
To promote Daydream, Carey embarked on the short but successful, Daydream World Tour, visiting Japan and Europe.
To the Apache and Walapai of Arizona, the wail of the cougar was a harbinger of death.
Today I can love them because I am gifted with the eye to see myself as others see me and vice versa.
Today it is known as Kawartha Lakes City Road 36 and Peterborough County Road 36.
Together with Bernie Ecclestone, he represented FOCA at the FIA and in its dealings with race organisers.
Togusa tracks down one of the missing children, now assigned to an elderly man in the Noble Rot program.
Tolling along the Snapper Creek Expressway began on July 17, 2010.
Tonga was colonised at about the same date and the birds there have been slowly spreading north through the group.
Toniná had a particularly active Early Classic presence, although the Early Classic remains lie entirely buried under later construction.
Torres joined Premier League club Liverpool in 2007, after signing for a club record transfer fee.
Townsend picked up the banjo when he was five, and began playing guitar when he was 12.
Traditionally, this facial structure is considered attractive, and some tales ascribe it to foxes in human form.
Transit observations in 1874 and 1882 allowed this value to be refined further.
Travel time from Asker to Skøyen Station will be reduced from 20 to 13 minutes.
Treated water can be pumped from the plant to the reservoir through the new Forrestdale Pumping Station.
Trey thought she and Geoff were getting back together so aired the tape at a local film festival to gain revenge.
Troops are divided into five classes: Scouts, Shocktroopers, Engineers, Lancers and Armored Soldier.
Trudy entered a favorable environment and explosively intensified, reaching its first peak in strength on October 20.
Turkey may play an important role in maintaining wolves in the region, because of its contiguity with Central Asia.
Two 2 / 3rd Battalion men were killed during the fighting on Crete, and one was wounded.
Two days later, his campaign manager, Gaylord Parkinson, left his position to care for his ailing wife.
Two days later, the team clinched a spot in the playoffs for the first time in 14 years.
Two men, a farmer and a miner, stand on either side of the boulder and represent agriculture and industry.
Two months on, the South China Morning Post found few willing to talk about the events of the fateful night.
Two more were built in Sweden in 1809, Birger Jarl and Erik Segersäll.
Two music videos, both directed by David LaChapelle, were shot for the song and its accompanying remix.
Two of the wires relayed these pulses to the internal solenoid, completing the Supermarionation process.
Two peak breeding seasons corresponding to rainfall patterns and growth of young vegetation occur in California, Arizona, and New Mexico.
Two portraits of Wood, painted by Manson, have been exhibited at the Celebritarian Corporation Gallery of Fine Art.
Two rows of black fencing were placed at the center of the boulevard as a barrier to pedestrians and carriages.
Two weeks later, the track reached its peak of number 32, having left the chart three weeks later.
Two years later, she was rejoined the Channel Fleet before going to the Mediterranean in 1878.
Uchiyama expressed sadness when the game ended development as he would not play the character for a long time.
Unable to find work due to his physical appearance, Merrick ended up in the Leicester workhouse for four years.
Under his rule, Egypt also entertained continuing trade relations with the Levantine coast and made punitive raids in Canaan.
University Campus Oldham is a centre for higher education and a sister campus of the University of Huddersfield.
Unlike the lower mass noble gases, the normal stellar nucleosynthesis process inside a star does not form xenon.
Unlike the saros series for lunar eclipses, it is possible for a transit series to restart after a hiatus.
Unlike these familiar examples of fields, which are all infinite sets, some fields have only finitely many elements.
Unwilling to meet him in open battle, the Crusaders retreated to the relative safety of their fortifications.
Upon her return the following month, the ship began a refit at Portsmouth that lasted until 11 June.
Upon the retirement of the Keeper of the London Museum, Harmon Oates, Wheeler was invited to fill the vacancy.
Upset, Ravana shook it vigorously and as a result, Parvati got scared and hugged Shiva.
Using a fine needle to make several pinholes at the tip of the condom is believed to significantly impact their effectiveness.
Vaballathus: he is attested on several coins, inscriptions, and in the ancient literature.
Various cadmium salts are used in paint pigments, with CdS as a yellow pigment being the most common.
Various special editions and tournaments have been conducted which feature celebrities playing the game and donating winnings to charities of their choice.
Veeru, unaware that Jai was wounded in the gunfight, is forced to leave for more ammunition.
Veronica goes to a computer student and ascertains the email address of the person who faked her paper.
Veronica visits Weevil in prison before she decides to look into a pizza delivered to Weevil ’ s house.
Verstappen also was the first driver born in the 1990s to win a Grand Prix.
Vicky Smith from Horn Book Magazine found the two main characters well written and the city of Gracehope well structured.
Villa Somalia is the official residential palace and principal workplace of the President of Somalia, Hassan Sheikh Mohamud.
Vistara took delivery of its first aircraft at New Delhi on 25 September 2014.
Wade treats both girls in virtually identical ways, kidnapping them and photographing them obsessively in the same manner.
Wadi Salib stretches across to Wadi Nisnas, the center of Arab life in Haifa today.
Waleed had insufficient documentation, so Wail and Waleed returned the next day to complete the transaction.
Wales toured New Zealand for the first time in 1969, but were defeated in both Tests.
Wally stood in for Oscar as lead attorney while a new jury was seated and for the first day of testimony.
Wanyan Liang presented himself as a Chinese emperor, and planned to unite China by conquering the Song.
Warsen, a US Navy SEAL, was killed in a helicopter accident in Afghanistan in 2012.
Watchmen is set in an alternate reality that closely mirrors the contemporary world of the 1980s.
Water ice can migrate from the deep layers of Ceres to the surface, but escapes in a very short time.
Wheeler attended the event, whose conference proceedings were published as a festschrift for the octogenarian.
When Germany failed to defeat the Royal Air Force in the Battle of Britain, the invasion of Britain was postponed indefinitely.
When Lefty and Desdemona are forced to immigrate to the United States, they have different mindsets.
When Midge arrived, the markings on the straight leg body mold they shared changed to include both her and Barbie.
When a group is in a tree they all tend to face in the same direction, keeping up a constant chatter.
When enough of the cathedral was built to house basic functions, the original church was demolished to enable construction to continue.
When he was sent to Europe as a foreign correspondent, Mercedes waited for him to return to Barranquilla.
When hunting in shallower waters in New Zealand and Argentina, dusky dolphins tend to forage during the day.
When it comes my turn to sell my land, I do not think I shall give it up as they did.
When males encounter each other, they hiss, spit, and may engage in violent conflict if neither backs down.
When she died, she left her accumulated lands and wealth to her son, not her husband Kanaʻina.
When sliced thinly, or finely diced and boiled in plentiful water until thoroughly cooked, it seems to be detoxified.
When the Americans started making plans to retaliate against North Vietnam, they did not tell Khánh and his junta.
When the communists seized power after the Second World War, the army underwent reorganisation and sovietization.
When the movie was launched last year, director Rajamouli dared to reveal the central theme of the story.
When the prosecution rested, the defence opened its case with a motion to dismiss based on the trial itself being illegal.
When the spores mature, the sporangium splits and empties into the peridium towards the base.
When the whole line is completed, total capacity in the Western Corridor will be 26 trains per hour.
When utilized for parade purposes, all but the staff side of the state flag are to be trimmed with gold fringe.
When vials of radioactive material exploded and the laboratory became contaminated, Rona was convinced her mask had saved her.
When xenon atoms are at their ground energy state, they repel each other and will not form a bond.
While creating characters, the player chooses their gender, race, class, alignment, and attributes, among other things.
While his family lived back in Littlefield, Jennings found a job briefly at KOYL in Odessa, Texas.
While much theatre of the time tackled serious social and political issues, Earnest is superficially about nothing at all.
While spoken Hebrew continued to evolve into Mishnaic Hebrew, the scribal tradition for writing the Torah gradually developed.
While spruces dominate as hosts in the native habitat, this species is more common in pines on other locations.
While stationed in Arizona, Lionel had made reference to Thunderbird Field, a nearby United States Army Air Forces base.
While the deed mentioned an existing meeting house on the site, there is no extant evidence of a prior structure.
While the game was released to wide acclaim, Fish himself became known for his outspoken and acerbic public persona.
While these conditions are necessary for tropical cyclone formation, they do not guarantee that a tropical cyclone will form.
While they are successful and Barbatos is felled, Elrane continues to distort history in her favor.
Whining is associated with situations of anxiety, curiosity, inquiry and intimacy such as greeting, feeding pups and playing.
White Dog, released in France as Chien Blanc, is a fictional autobiographical novel written by Romain Gary.
Wilhelm Von Landau also excavated the site between 1903 and 1904.
William Crookes observed the phosphorescent spectra of the rare elements and observed spectral lines later assigned to europium.
William Etty, the seventh son of a York baker and miller, had been an apprentice printer in Hull.
William Thomson, or Lord Kelvin, is the person whom the absolute temperature unit, the Kelvin, is named after.
Williams were third with twelve points, while Benetton and Jordan with eight points each contended for fourth place.
With 12: 37 remaining in the quarter, Miami took a 7 – 0 lead.
With his father a vocal Nonconformist, the young Simon acquired his Puritan religious views early in life.
With large prey, mature wolves usually avoid attacking frontally, instead focusing on the rear and sides of the animal.
With over twenty years of parliamentary majorities, Liberal ministers did as they wished with little regard for the opposition parties.
With the exception of the routing through downtown Saginaw, the highway followed the approximate routing of the current highway.
With the game in hand midway through the second quarter, Alabama played many of its reserve players in the second half.
With the help of this scholarship money she was able to attend Allen High School for Girls in Asheville, North Carolina.
With the hurricane situated to the southwest of the Hawaiian Islands, Hurricane Hunters conducted several weather reconnaissance missions into the storm.
With the main assault a complete failure, the blockading forces returned to Dover and Dunkirk to assess the disaster.
Within the Strigopidae, the kakapo is placed in its own tribe, Strigopini.
Wohlwend met Mike Boxleiter in an experimental video game development class they took together at Iowa State University.
Wolverines usually wait until the wolves are done feeding, but have been known to drive away wolves from kills.
Women were primarily the head of the families, either because the fathers had died or had been separated from the family.
Woodfull was struck when he was bent over his bat and wicket, and not when upright as often imagined.
Woodhouse gave away a penalty in the 70th minute that was saved by goalkeeper Steve Mildenhall.
Woodhouse made his debut for Mansfield Town on 24 January in a Conference National match against Lewes.
Workers called boom rats sorted the captured logs, branded like cattle, for delivery to sawmills and other owners.
Wrapped in Red also debuted three other different charts, most notably at the top of the Billboard Top Holiday Albums chart.
Writing for The New Republic, James Wood classified Middlesex as a story written in the vein of hysterical realism.
Xenon vented into the atmosphere is being returned to its original source, so no environmental impact is likely.
Yamaha stopped manufacturing the speaker in 2001, citing problems sourcing the wood pulp for the drivers.
Yankovic wanted the song to receive a video, but due to budget reasons, his label did not agree.
Yoshi can carry up to six eggs at a time, with some colored eggs spawning items once they hit something.
You people have broken a lot of dishes and now we have to see how we can straighten out this mess.
You will never tire me, and just as long as you want me to come, I am at your orders.
Young dusky dolphins apparently are not born with the ability to perform the leaps and must learn to master each one.
Your choice of methods, your hypocrisy, and the general artlessness of your organization have sounded its death knell.
Zander de Bruyn finished the competition with the highest batting average amongst batsmen who played five or more innings.
Zao was a pioneer of metalcore, paving way for bands such as Underoath and Norma Jean.
Zinc metal is produced either by smelting the oxide with carbon or by electrolysis in sulfuric acid.
